("I have been using Arrid for decades...it was the only product that kept me dry. I liked it so much so, that I started ordering it by the case (less expensive that way too). About two months ago, I used the last can from the case. I picked up a can at my local grocery and thought I was good to go. Not so. I was surprised that I felt wetness an hour after I used the new can. I thought it might have been a 'bad' batch that had worked its way to my market. So, I went to a different store and bought another can....same thing happened. Evidently, the formula was changed or something...the last spray from the can from my case worked fine. The new purchases didn't. So, I don't think it's my body chemistry that has changed. I think it is Arrid. I am now searching for a better product or one that works. Too bad, Arrid. You've lost a loyal customer.", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("No matter how many other deodorants I try I always go back to Arrid I love it so much and will always us it, it doesn't cake up or leave stains on my clothing", {'entities': [(62, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used this for years and wouldn't change. I recommended it to a friend that couldn't find something that helped her with sweat and odor. She bought it, it worked, she loved it. I don't understand why this isn't the most popular spray out there. Even better than Arrid Blue can.", {'entities': [(266, 271, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used many deodorants and nothing seems to keep me dry smelling good lasting longer as Arrid Anti-Perspirant. I would recommend this product to everyone.', {'entities': [(93, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm would recommend this Eagle Brand Borden Sweetened Condensed Milk Fat Free, as a good substitute to the original, but the original tastes better, in my opinion. Thanks for reading!", {'entities': [(25, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the fat free when it delivers rich, creamy taste. I've used this product before--also the Eagle Brand regular. The price was also great. And LOVE the free ship!!!", {'entities': [(95, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the fat free when it delivers rich, creamy taste. I've used this product before--also the Eagle Brand regular. The price was also great. And LOVE the free ship!!!", {'entities': [(95, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Fat or no-fat, it's difficult to find anything bad about Eagle Brand! This purchase is an excellent bargain as it almost always is pricier in stores (more so than the regular Eagle Brand). Especially in the summer we love homemade shakes made with Eagle Brand Fat-Free Sweetened Condensed Milk, Fat-Free Evaported milk, fruit, ice and Sweet 'n' Low, so we use a LOT of it. It makes wonderful lemon icebox pies without worrying about all those fat calories in the filling, makes a great hot fudge sauce and many other items. It lacks a bit of the fullness of the regular Eagle Brand if tasted directly from the can, but when used in recipes it's almost impossible to tell the difference.", {'entities': [(57, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started drinking Canada Dry ginger ale from watching the TV show Everybody Loves Raymond. Now I'm on the diet version. The taste is pretty much the same, that's the good thing. But there is a large dose of sodium in every can: 120mg of sodium per 12 fl oz can. That's 3 times as much as Coke Zero, which is 40mg per 12 fl oz. I have to knock a star off because of this. If Canada Dry can drop the sodium down to Coke Zero level, that would make it perfect!", {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the only kind of diet soda I've found that doesn't have the aftertaste that ruins so many other diet drinks. I love Canada Dry Diet Ginger Ale.", {'entities': [(124, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Canada Dry Diet Ginger ale not only is it refreshing and thirst quenching but a great mixer.', {'entities': [(7, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I live closer to the Texarkana, Arkansas WalMart, but as this is my favorite soft drink I drive out of my way each week so that I can have my Diet Ginger Ale to the Texarkana, Texas location! Yes , I love my Canada Dry!', {'entities': [(208, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Mary Desilets Canada Dry is the ONLY Ginger Ale! Growing up as a kid I remember when I was sick with a cold and sore throat A Canada Dry Ginger Ale with some vanilla ice cream Always made me feel better...STILL DOES! I had 2 vanilla ginger ale sodas today. Right now sitting here with a small glass of Canada Dry Ginger Ale! mmm mmm good!', {'entities': [(14, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Canada Dry Diet Ginger Ale is the very best. My favorite diet soda.', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been drinking Canada Dry because it has Real Gingerin it. It is such a soothing drink when I need something to perk me up..the little fizzes makes me think of sizzles when meat is cooking...', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At the age of 65 I tried my first Canada Dry Ginger Ale on vacation can you imagine Since that vacation I am hooked tried the diet Ale my husband is diabetic just as tasty as the regular love, love, love it we can't find the Holiday Ale we so wanted to try it!!", {'entities': [(34, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Diet Canada Dry Ginger Ale and drink it daily. I love the taste, the fizzinessm quenches my thirst.', {'entities': [(12, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Diet Canada Dry has been a staple in my household for at least a year. I am diabetic and I've tried Diet Coke and Diet Pepsi. The didn't work. So I decided to try Diet Canada Dry. So GLAD I did.", {'entities': [(5, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried many products to control my hair and many are just terrible... either too greasy, too shiny, too thick or too much fragrance or some combination of these. I had the opportunity to try this Baxter of California Cream Pomade and this may be one hair product that I'll actually use again.It's a very lightweight cream with a consistency similar to a hand cream. Previously I had been using MenScience Hair Styling Pomade (2 oz.) and it is very hard in the container... nearly like hardened wax. It's somewhat of a chore to use it because you literally have to scoop out a dab of it and let it warm up in your hands before you can put it into your hair.This pomade is very creamy and infinitely easier to scoop out and apply than the MenScience Pomade. Although the Baxter of California Pomade is not fragrance free, the amount of fragrance is very minimal and barely discernible.It's a lightweight holding power that lets my curls curl and at the same time leaves my hair soft. It may not provide enough hold for some hair types but for my hair, it works great.", {'entities': [(200, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this product all the time. We love to have Alfredo and this particular Ragu taste the best! I saut onions and add canned shredded chicken and sliced up romen tomatoes. Then add the Ragu and noodles. Yummy!!!!', {'entities': [(77, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ragu is way better than an generic kind.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ragu makes good products, and this one was especially tasty!!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use this specific Ragu Sauce for my Seafood shrimp pasta it was amazing', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Goodbye Ragu. It no longer belongs to Unilever, they sold to Mizkan a huge Japanese company. It's no longer the same product or recipe, it has a poor taste, nothing like the real tried and true product we've used for decades. When I asked the head of Ragu's social media (Andrew) from Ragu.com) I was given a runaround. My 1 star review was also missing from the site. I wonder how many other reviews are being hidden. It's sad. Everyone who actually knew the old product and tastes the new product has been giving poor reviews I will no longer purchase Ragu. Moving to another brand.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I add ground turkey with this sauce and my entire family loves it. They can not believe that it's Ragu!", {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this Ragu, along with Prego, to see if there was much of a difference in taste, and there just was not. The Ragu is a little sweeter, but other than a small difference in color, there really was not much of a difference. We take the tomato sauces, and spice them up our own way, and we generally use Ragu, and it has always come out very tasty and the right texture, that we love. We usually get the larger bottle of it, as we use it for many things. We like to always have the Ragu on hand to make everything from spaghetti, to chili, to anything that needs a tomato sauce.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Ragu Old world Style Transitional and Meat,is the best out there .We have dried others .Sometimes the Ragu is a little bit to runny ,I add a little bit of flour after browning my Hamburger and Italian sausage ,that helps with the thickening of the Ragu.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ragu is my 1 choice in sauce for spaghetti.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's Ragu", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ragu Old World Style is not cooked with meat. Has fewer calories and less salt. Resealable container allows for multiple uses and easy pouring. I use this for pizza sauce, soup base, on pastas and polenta.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on Ragu and there the best', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm addicted to Ragu! I've tried other brands but this tastes the best and has the best texture!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love vegetables, but it is not possible to use fresh vegetables every day. For me this Ragu is a great solution. I liked the price for this quality.. I use it to cook a ground deer meat with mushrooms, my family loves this meal on tortillas or on top of any pasta, mashed potatoes or hot salty cereal.', {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ragu is my favorite sauce for pasta. It has the best flavor and just the right amount of acidity. I only buy Ragu and my favorite is Traditional.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Ragu better than Prego. I tried them both and there is no comparison Ragu beats Prego and it's competitors every time in my book.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this product for my business use. Although the concept was good, the construction was marginal and the quality of the materials was poor. This is unusual for Pendaflex product as they are known for quality products', {'entities': [(170, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Divide-it-Up is great when you have paperwork that have sub-categories. I need all the help I can get when it comes to organizing. I use it for organizing receipts. The four sections help me to organize right down to the smallest things. The colors give me another option for organizational style. Divide-it-Up is a reflection of the fact that Pendaflex is the leader in innovative tools for organizing.', {'entities': [(348, 357, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tape a monthly calendar to the front of each folder, and then file bills due by due date first--short bills in first pocket larger bills in second pocket--both with due dates visible by first due, next due, etc. The last pocket is where I file the bills that I have paid. This is an excellent product for the price--One of the greatest things is that Pendaflex includes 12 files instead of 10. This is truly innovative filing and has made my day (year)!', {'entities': [(353, 362, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was excited to see this type of folder. I plan to use it for both home and business and introduce it to my office mates. I really like the way you can organize a client or person all in one spot. Since I like to coordinate by color -- I'd like to see these available in more colors and possibly with coordinating labels available. Great idea Pendaflex!", {'entities': [(344, 353, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited when Target started carrying The Honest Company products. I initially was only interested in the diapers, but ordered one bar of soap to try. I am obsessed! It leaves my skin feeling so clean! I've noticed less blemishes too. It also smells great and relaxing! I highly recommend you try it!", {'entities': [(46, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved my Hoover Platinum vacuum, but after just one year the handle just broke right in half today while I was in the middle of vacuuming my carpet. I can't say this has ever happened to me with any other vacuum I have ever bought. I don't think a 300 vacuum should be made in such an inferior way.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I read Consumers Reports and usually agree with their recommendations. This vacuum was highly recommended so we bought one. It was very lightweight (which was good), it had decent suction (which was OK), but it had a problem switching from High to Low via the switch mounted on the handle just below the power button. No problem, returned it and got another one -- same issue. Just like the first unit, the switch was intermittent -- sometimes it worked, mostly it didn't. Hoover has an obvious design issue here. We ended up with a Dyson - significantly more but what a machine...", {'entities': [(473, 479, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Originally I reviewed this Hoover Vacuum in 11/2010 (on Walmart website) after I first purchased it at that time I gave it 5 stars there since then my user opinion has *changed*.. In October 2012 the ergonomic handle had to be replaced since it was coming apart which I guess stemmed from the oils in my hand when using the vacuum (design flaw).. The vacuum was under 60 month warranty so Hoover directed me to a local vacuum dealer they recommended here in Florida (second mistake) it was replaced.. While I only vacuum weekly I started to notice a lack of suction power for this vacuum which was disappointing me big time, but not wanting to spend money again I continued on with it.. I clean the wheels, brushes rollers frequently change the bag often whether it needs it or not so not sure what the problem is with this vacuum.. I originally purchased this vacuum to replace my Sears canister vacuum for poor performance, but now I am about to throw in the towel on this one too since its not worth the aggravation would like a vacuum with more suction power to keep my carpets fresh I actually hate to vacuum now because of this issue with this Hoover vacuum.. Hope others that have purchased this vacuum have better luck with it..', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Loved this machine until I replaced my worn out carpet with a low freize. It will not roll over it at all, let Hoover know of the problem and they said it is not designed for high pile carpet or plush padding underneath carpet. They said to return it and by a Hoover with a manual adjusting carpet height button. Well Hoover I've had this for over a year, so I'm out of luck on the return. If I do get a new vacuum it won't be a Hoover because you certainly don't stand behind your product......boasting of an automatic heighth adjuster on this vacuum that really doesn't work.....shame on you for taking my hard earned money!!! I notice that this machine is not for sale anymore in stores...wonder why Please don't buy this machine if you ever plan to put in nice carpet!", {'entities': [(111, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this and loved it at first as it was so light weight. However I got new carpet that was a bit taller and now I cannot move it across the floor. The self adjusting height is nonexistent. When I wrote to Hoover, they just said I must have purchased the wrong vacuum for the carpet. There is no information regarding carpet type in the promotional materials. Don't buy this product.", {'entities': [(214, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Right out the box...I assembled the vacuum and was excited. I started using the canister and loved it. I would have loved a bag to keep everything together, but I accepted because I loved it. THEN...I used the upright. Still in one room, the sensor light comes on after 5mins of use! Since then the Hoover helpdesk ONLY tells me to send it to a Hoover site for maintenance or Return it to the store. O**ck it is! My sister raved about it and never reported sensor problems.', {'entities': [(299, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Impossible to push on freize carpet with moderatly high pile. Head does not adjust to accomodate higher pile carpet. Works great with plush low plie. Contacted Hoover and they said tough luck. I have to give it away, and get another vacuum that will work on freize carpet.', {'entities': [(160, 166, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Loved this machine until I replaced my worn out carpet with a low freize. It will not roll over it at all, let Hoover know of the problem and they said it is not designed for high pile carpet or plush padding underneath carpet. They said to return it and by a Hoover with a manual adjusting carpet height button. Well Hoover I've had this for over a year, so I'm out of luck on the return. If I do get a new vacuum it won't be a Hoover because you certainly don't stand behind your product......boasting of an automatic heighth adjuster on this vacuum that really doesn't work.....shame on you for taking my hard earned money!!! I notice that this machine is not for sale anymore in stores...wonder why Please don't buy this machine if you ever plan to put in nice carpet!", {'entities': [(111, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have owned this vacuum for over a year now. Worked great until we replaced a large room with thick pile, high quality carpet. The auto height adjustment feature does not work properly and continually shuts off the vacuum. In our opinion this is a major flaw and can not recommend this Hoover model.', {'entities': [(288, 294, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had the same experience as GAK2010. The vacuum power light would flash, then the vacuum would turn off. The check bag light never went on, but I discovered the bag was 3/4 full. I changed the bag and also pulled a thread and some dust clogs from the brush. It than ran for about 20 minutes then repeated the problem. I took it to a vacuum repair shop and he cleaned it out thoroughly. 42 later, it continued to shut off. I did not take it t the authorized dealer because he has a terrible reputation, and does not even sell Hoovers. I called Hoover and they suggested I clean the filter under the bag. Didn't solve the problem!", {'entities': [(526, 532, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought I was getting a good vacuum based on reviews I read and b/c I had a Hoover previously that lasted 15+ years, but I'm extremely disappointed. I am having to take this vacuum into the repair shop for the second time in 2 years! The first was because the power kept shutting off by itself and now because the entire handle broke off (and I am just doing regular vacuuming on regular carpet). Sure, there is a 5 year warranty, but the service centers are not convenient in any way. Other things I dislike about the vacuum is that it does not adjust to carpet height, and the power button is located in the worst place. Also, the canister is very loud and the hose continually comes out as I'm vacuuming b/c it doesn't have good latch to keep it attached.", {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Was very dissappointed. Worked ok on regular carpeting but the sensor that supposedly adjusts from one floor surface to another simply does not work. Looks nice...would have enjoyed the cannister vacuum... but returned it for a less expensive Hoover Windtunnel that works much much better for our needs.', {'entities': [(243, 249, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased my Hoover Platinum in Nov 2010 to replace another well known vacuum that I had. I specifically selected Hoover because I had Hoover vac's in the past Hoover has a good reliable name. I love the vacuum however, I don't like having to use a separate vac for tools that's bothersome to me. I've just recently replaced the belt brushroller (easy to do) which I felt was about right for 2 yrs of once a week vacuuming. HOWEVER, I was shocked yesterday when I noticed that the inside of the ergonomic handle was peeling away that was very unexpected for a Hoover product in this price point. Sadly this issue with the handle peeling away bothers me since it now means that this vacuum is not really a Platinum but more like Stainless Steel has reached the end of its life span after 2 years.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I the Hoover Platinum Collection and was very happy with it. Then one day the on/off switch started blinking and it has not worked since. The motor will run if you hold it at a 45 degree angle but if you try to run it like a regular sweeper it stops running. For the price it should run better. Unfortunately I do not have my receipt, I have the owners manual, but no receipt. Interestingly enough I had an old Hoover Elite Supreme in the basement and that is what I have been using, it still runs:(', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tested four vacuum cleaners. The Dyson DC 41, this vacuum, the shark navigator lift away, and the shark rotator professional. There is not much to say about what I liked about this vacuum. The edge cleaning that it boasts is laughable at best, and the boast about direct air cleaning, also leaves much to be desired, though it did vacuum acceptably. The canister vacuum is virtually useless. It could not even pick up the loose hair from tile floor without me running over it multiple times with that brush attachment. For the price, I definitely expected more, and was sadly disappointed by that name, considering I came from an older Hoover that did its job very well. I settled on the shark rotator pro for it's versatility, price, weight, and vacuuming power.", {'entities': [(638, 644, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Being a Hoover Platinum Collection unit, I really expected better performance based on my perceived reputation of Hoover vacuums. Below average suction on floor unit; no on-board tools. Must use second portable unit in package that has hand tools. Bag indicator light on handle of floor unit keeps lighting up as "check bag". Checked bag and it was not full and was installed correctly. I plan on returning.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have 3 dogs and a lot of tile. I liked the Oreck much better. It did a lot better on the Tile. ... I took the Hoover back to the store where I bought it.', {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There were things to like about the Hoover, but enough things to not like that I returned it after a week. -I like automatic height adjustment, but it is done poorly on this vacuum it does not lower enough to fluff up the carpet. I think it is because the small height wheels are in front of the beater bar and keep it too high off the ground. The small wheels on my old Oreck were behind the beater bar so it got closer to the carpet. The vacuum has very good suction, but the carpet does not have that nice fluffy look after vacuuming. -The vacuum is light weight, but poor ergonomics made using it a chore. It hurt my shoulder and neck every time I used it. I also noticed I was much more tired after vacuuming my house with the Hoover than with my other vacuum. -The power cord is nice and long, but of very poor lightweight quality. It frequently made knots of itself, and I would have to stop, go over to it, and unwind the knots. I also ran over the cord once...if you did that many times, your cord will be eaten up. -The furniture guard did not work well...it left a scuff in some molding. I wanted to like the vacuum, as it seemed a good update to an Oreck. It had nice controls, a full bag light, and has good suction. But I ended up returning it as it doesn't fluff up the carpet, didn't seem to get up dog hair as well, and it's poor ergonomics made using it a chore.", {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really wanted to like this vacuum cleaner and chose it over the dyson, mainly due to the 6 year limited warranty. It's lightweight and easy enough to maneuver; however, it doesn't work well on tile and wood flooring. I had to go back over the floors 3 times to pick up little bits that it kept missing. On my area carpets, it sucks too hard & it is difficult to use. This vacuum replaced my old Hoover Futura upright which was ungainly but had pretty good suction. Unfortunately, the old Futura does a better job than this new one. The cord is way too long and keeps getting tangled and at one point it sucked it up. However, the most annoying thing is that the on/off button is located on the handle and whenever I'm pushing it across the floor I inadvertently turn it off. This happened about 10 times while vacuuming my living room. I really don't want to get a dyson--maybe I'll look at the new Hoover canister that's coming out this month. But I'll also look at a Miele, which has a 7 year warranty.", {'entities': [(397, 403, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought the Hoover and Oreck for comparison. Hoover seems stronger but can't find any specs for the vac or canister. Hoovers lights are in a bad place, casting a shadow when vacuuming. The wheels on the Hoover feel harder like plastic and very cheap compared to Oreck. When plugged in, the on/off switch stays lit wasting electricity. Tools on the Hoover feel cheap and does not include as many attachments as the Oreck. Oreck includes annual tuneups.... Hoover closed there stores and its harder to findsomeone to work on it.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My new Hoover vacuum arrived yesterday. At this price, it should arrive assembled. ... Next, the instructions are pathetic, non existent. They should have clear instructions in a real manual, not a tissue paper hand-out. Lastly, Hoover doesn't even identify the loose parts so, you don't even know what they are. I think this purchase was a mistake. The devil is always in the details. You can tell that Hoover doesn't care.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just received the Hoover Playinum Upright with the canister vac a few weeks ago to replace a 12 year old Hoover. So far it seems like a good buy for the discounted price of 208 online. Not sure it would be worth the 299 in-store price. My wife likes both, so only time will tell about the quality.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Extremely light (great for ease-of-use for our children), which is why it doesn't need to be self-propelled, unlike our prior, extremely heavy Hoover vacuum. Nice bright light effectively lightens the area being vacuumed. We've only had it a couple weeks, but we we really like it so far.", {'entities': [(143, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Hoover Platinum is perfect for a large busy household. The canister is so easy to carry on shoulder and the upright is great for rugs and carpet ! my running joke with my husband is that Hoover is the one vacuum I can count on to really Suck HaHa', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife has gone through 3 of these models and all worked great until about a year or two after purchase, that is when trouble starts and its always the same thing. Inside the handle is a modular connector with four pins that attach to another connector which bring electric to the motor. Every time our vacuums failed due to one of the pins showing burnt or melted plastic either from bad connection or overheating. By the time this happens your on your own so either buy another or pick some other model. I wish Hoover would have looked into this when this model first came out to market.', {'entities': [(514, 520, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a GREAT vacuum! I've used it now for almost a year. Great suction, really lightweight without losing power! No parts have broken, no repair problems at all. In general, a really good vacuum.HOWEVER, I replaced my plush carpeting with the new Frieze, and now am looking for a new vacuum since this vacuum is VERY HARD to push on this new style of carpeting. If you have this type of carpeting, consider another model. If not, it will do a nice job for you. Keep in mind also, no onboard tools. Must use the companion portable vac. Bags are hard to find for both, must order either from Hoover, or you can get a great price on , so that's no big deal, but plan ahead -)Overall, unless you have the semi-shag Frieze carpeting, it is wonderful!", {'entities': [(593, 599, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product based on two things. I wanted to get away from bagless and I wanted to buy a quality vac. I was so tired of vaccuming up a huge pile of junk and then having to empty it out and then clean out the filter. I think all the dirt that I had just sucked up went right back into the air and into my house! I know that bags cost money but it does not compare to the frustration I feel when I am emptying a bagless. There weren't that many bagged vaccums to choose from in the stores but I am positive that I made the right choice. The Hoover did cost more than I had planned to spend but, I got the quality I hoped for. My carpets looked fantastic after just one cleaning! The sleek old-school style and windtunnel purring of the motor was another plus. You get what you pay for, right.", {'entities': [(552, 558, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We've gone through numerous vacuums and all seem to have some type of downside. The Hoover Platinum UH30010COM seems to have the best blend of features and value that we have experienced. The two vacuum design (one standup and one portable) is a great convenience and optimization of features. This allows the upright to be very light (at 11 lbs it is almost 50 lighter than most uprights). The portable is very convenient for tight spaces and especially the stairs. My wife used to dangerously use the hose attachment from our old upright on the stairs. Also I believe the bagged design is superior to a bagless design. The bag is huge and provides a much cleaner sanitary disposal of collected dust and carpet fibers. The one drawback is that the upright can be hard to push on densely packed carpet. To be fair, many vacuums have the same issue. Our Eureka vacuum is impossible to push. This Hoover is difficult to push on some of our carpets but is still acceptable. If it wasn't for this we would give it a 5 star rating.", {'entities': [(84, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This vacuum was purchased to replace another Hoover vacuum that was falling apart due to poor construction. This is a vast improvement over that model. It was easy to assemble, is light weight and has great suction. However, it is VERY NOISY.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Hoover is a good mid-priced vacuum. It\'s great on carpets. It does not pick up as much on hardwood floors. The best part is the portable Hoover that comes with the unit. You can walk around with it and vacuum the sofa, cobwebs on the wall, the car interior, etc. It has an attached hose, so it is more versatile than most of the portable "mini vacs". I assembled both vacuums and had them running in only ten minutes or so.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had another brand upright as we have 60% carpeting, and always had a backache when done due to difficulty of turning, pulling and getting up and down stairs. With the Hoover Platinum, it is light weight, turns easily, and picks up dog hair well. Plus the canister is perfect for vacuuming stairs and my car. If you put the carrying strap over your head and shoulder it stays pretty well and is not heavy. My only complaint is that the extra long cord on the upright gets in the way.', {'entities': [(167, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Awesome suction power that completely captured all the dirt that was circulating in my home's carpets for years. Filled up one bag to dispose of. On the downside, the motor failed after 1.5 years of owning it. Its a good thing Hoover backs the product with a 6 year warranty. The authorized service dealer said Hoover will often times just send a new one instead of repairing the motor which takes more time. I hope this will be the case.", {'entities': [(227, 233, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have had Hoovers for the past 20 years. Went looking for a new vacuum and came upon the Platinum. It's wonderful but I would like to be able to unwind the cord easier, the hook where you wind the cord should rotate making the cord slid off, I had that feature on my old Hoover. other wise so far its been great.", {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product based on two things. I wanted to get away from bagless and I wanted to buy a quality vac. I was so tired of vaccuming up a huge pile of junk and then having to empty it out and then clean out the filter. I think all the dirt that I had just sucked up went right back into the air and into my house! I know that bags cost money but it does not compare to the frustration I feel when I am emptying a bagless. There weren't that many bagged vaccums to choose from in the stores but I am positive that I made the right choice. The Hoover did cost more than I had planned to spend but, I got the quality I hoped for. My carpets looked fantastic after just one cleaning! The sleek old-school style and windtunnel purring of the motor was another plus. You get what you pay for, right.", {'entities': [(552, 558, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this vacuum because it is lightweight and bagged. I love it. Totally. But the included cannister has serious issues: the floor brush won't stay on the wand without duct tape(!) the upholstry brush is useless--very small and the dusting brush is non-existent (some strange thing you fit onto the upholstry brush). What was Hoover thinking I still have to use my old cannister vacuum to handle upholstry, stairs and furniture dusting. What a disappointment.", {'entities': [(331, 337, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just read some reviews about the handle breaking on these vacuums and I wonder if people are lifting their vacuum and carrying it around incorrectly. There is a carry handle on the vacuum and it should only be lifted with that. I always lift my Hoover via its carry handle, not the handle used when operating the machine, and after owning this Hoover for several years now I have to say it has never given me any grief. It is lightweight and easy to use and the only thing I have to do occasionally is adjust the bag when the red warning light comes on notifying me that the bag is full when in reality, it isn't. Sometimes this happens within a couple days of installing a new bag so I know it cannot possibly need changing. I figured out what was happening and it is cat hair clogging the upper part of the bag. If I have a lot of cat hair to clean up this can happen because the hair does not fall to the bottom of the bag like normal weight debris will...instead, it gets sucked into the bag and stays right there at the top and after a few days of that happening, the change bag warning light comes on because the cat hair stuck at the top of the bag makes the machine think the bag is full. The little canister cleaner is not quite as wonderful as the upright--it's actually quite basic--but it comes in handy for cleaning out the car.", {'entities': [(247, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never write a review for products, but I could not pass up on this product (this should say A LOT to Hoover). I have had this vacuum for 2 weeks now and LOVE it. I purchased a Dyson Animal Canister 1st, and HATED it, so I returned it (the reviews stated this was the best). I then purchased a LG Kompressor Canister and it almost caught on fire the first time I used it..and it did a poor job cleaning. I then decided on the Hoover Platinum upright. The 3rd time was a charm. This has to be the best vacuum I have purchased in many years. It has cut my cleaning time in half. The only suggestion would be to offer a rotating pet brush for the stairs and furniture for the canister portion of this. GREAT JOB HOOVER for making a quality product. You now have won me over for life.', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always had Hoovers and loved them (since 1970) I bought a bagless Bissell and when I saw this Wind Tunnel, I fell in love. My only problem was the recent problem with finding bags. You can have your Dysons etc. I am a happy woman!!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great vacuum. Picked it because I wanted a separate canister system with all the attachments. This thing does not dissappoint. Super smooth and easy to use. Great looking product and with the Hoover name, it should last me for many years!', {'entities': [(192, 198, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Was considering an Oreck at twice the cost until I read the reviews on this Hoover. It is basically identical to the Oreck, just less money. So far it is a fantastic vacuum cleaner, much better than the older Hoover upright I have.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I couldn't believe the change in appearance of the carpet after one vacuuming with this cleaner! It was obviously so much better than with an older Hoover upright. The cleaner is pleasantly lightweight, but does a wonderful job.", {'entities': [(148, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have had this vacuum for about 5 years and lover it. The handle broke and Hoover sent a new machine even though we did not have our original receipt. Great support Hoover!', {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wanted a bagged vacuum that was lightweight without compromising on features or breaking the bank. I did a lot of research and found this Hoover upright with separate canister. I liked the idea of a separate canister that I could pull out for little jobs or for vacuuming the car. I already own a (heavy) Hoover upright with all tools on board. My style of vacuuming is to grab the hose extender and tools to do those jobs as I go along - alternating between floor vacuuming and dusting. So, the new vacuum means that I have to change my habit - a minor concession that I am happy to make. I like this vacuum. It really is lightweight with controls right where you expect them. I like having the headlight (something you do not get with inexpensive and/or lightweight vacuums). Both the upright and the canister have lots of suction. I noticed right away that debris within a couple of inches of the nozzle was sucked right in. That told me that anything under the head was getting totally sucked in. The canister gives me so much freedom that I forget that it is wired and eventually I get out of range of the cord length and get pulled back to reality (it has a long electrical cord). Overall, for my money, this was a very good purchase. I don't like to vacuum but this vacuum makes the job easy. So that I don't leave anything out, here is a list of things I like about this vacuum: Lightweight Big debris bag Serious suction Long cord on both units Headlight Only as noisy as necessary Separate Canister for dusting or small jobs Intuitive control placements (on/off switch, tilt pedal) Well-placed handles Upright unit will lie down flat for vacuuming stairs and under furniture Easy to maneuver Narrow nozzle allows cleaning in tight spaces Full bag indicator (I have not seen this)", {'entities': [(140, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this vac 3 years ago. Somehow it developed a short somewhere. I called them and they shipped me a new vac free of charge. They are the best!!! I will always by a Hoover.', {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this vacuum. The suction power is awesome. I have 4 kids, 2 cats, and 2 dogs. The platinum cleans up beautifully after them all- hair, dirt, and who knows what else. Thank you Hoover!', {'entities': [(183, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
('PRICE GREAT. PERFORMANCE terrific. So glad I bought the Hoover Platinum Collection with canister. Canister is powerful. Upright performances is perfect. So so glad I bought it!!!!!', {'entities': [(56, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have hardwood floor, carpet, carpeted stairs and tile and wanted a lightweight vacuum cleaner that could be used everywhere. This Hoover does it all and with minimal effort!', {'entities': [(133, 139, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Hoover Platinum vac IS lightweight very easy to handle, it has excellent suction with automatic floor level adjustment (from rugs to bare floor) and the hand vac that comes with it works just as good. We vacuumed my husband's truck after taking the 3 dogs to the vets! Didn't leave a single hair!!", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Hoover Platinum Collection is a great product. I am very happy with how the upright vacuum works, and also pleased with the vacuum attachment/tools. My carpet looks great after cleaning, and both machines are lightweight and easy to operate. I am happy with the price and the quick delivery.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If you are looking for a lightweight,efficient vacuum that actually picks up dirt, this is the one. I've had all different kinds over the years and was tired of fighting to push an upright and lug it up the stairs and thought the canisters were clumsy. This Hoover is the best of both worlds.", {'entities': [(258, 264, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Got ours when they were introduced a number of years ago....durable as I expect from Hoover...lightweight, powerful cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(85, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Hoover Platinum Bagged Upright Vacuum is an excellent vacuum. The two major things I like about it is that it is very light in weight and it has a Hepa bag that keeps the dusk from blowing back on the carpet or surrounding area. It is easy to manuver and cleans good. It comes with an unattached product that has attachments that clean upholstery etc.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my third Hoover vacuum and so far I love it. I can go from my carpet to hardwood flooring to oriental rugs and it automatically adjusts and does a good job cleaning at all levels. The on/off switch is on the handle and sometimes I accidentally turn the vac off when directing it around an obstacle but I think I'll get used to that with time.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the fact that it's very lightweight. I use it throughout the house on my carpets, floors and tile. It is exceptionally great for stairs. I've always used a Hoover, but this is by far the best of the best. I've only had it a few weeks, but love it. The only thing I would change is to have the attachments on the vacuum instead of separate.", {'entities': [(163, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very pleased with the Hoover Platinum vacuum. Easy to use, quiet and works great. The side portable vacuum is nice also. Great for the car. My only wish is that the upright had a hose to get corners, etc., so I could do all the vacuuming at once. But that being said, the portable works well also and has a shoulder strap which is convenient.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very light-weight (I can carry it with one hand). It still sounds like a vacuum cleaner but is much quieter than my old Hoover. I use the canister cleaner and attachments on my carpeted stairs with very good results. I like the sleek look of the vacuum and I like that the front that holds the bag is made of cloth and not hard plastic.', {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just got my vacuum a couple of weeks ago, and I really like it so far. Before I bought the Hoover, I had looked at the Oreck. The Hoover had basically the same features for half the price. Also, consumer reports rated this vacuum the highest in its class and the customer reviews were good also. So far, I believe I made a good choice.', {'entities': [(93, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my first Hoover. I love that its lightweight so easy to push around my carpet and furniture. It was easy to set up and works like a dream. I love my new Hoover. The wind tunnel technology is amazing. I love the Hepa bags and now know that my house will be free of dust and allergens. Great suction and brush fluffed up my matted carpet. My 5 year old Kenmore recently died and I replaced it with this Hoover. I'm not disappoined. I'm very happy that I did. My Kenmore weighed a ton and was bulky. Hand held canister is great on corners and tile floors. Also great to clean around my air conditioning vents and dryer lint catcher area. I am very satisfied with this vacuume. Great product.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just read some reviews about the handle breaking on these vacuums and I wonder if people are lifting their vacuum and carrying it around incorrectly. There is a carry handle on the vacuum and it should only be lifted with that. I always lift my Hoover via its carry handle, not the handle used when operating the machine, and after owning this Hoover for several years now I have to say it has never given me any grief. It is lightweight and easy to use and the only thing I have to do occasionally is adjust the bag when the red warning light comes on notifying me that the bag is full when in reality, it isn't. Sometimes this happens within a couple days of installing a new bag so I know it cannot possibly need changing. I figured out what was happening and it is cat hair clogging the upper part of the bag. If I have a lot of cat hair to clean up this can happen because the hair does not fall to the bottom of the bag like normal weight debris will...instead, it gets sucked into the bag and stays right there at the top and after a few days of that happening, the change bag warning light comes on because the cat hair stuck at the top of the bag makes the machine think the bag is full. The little canister cleaner is not quite as wonderful as the upright--it's actually quite basic--but it comes in handy for cleaning out the car.", {'entities': [(247, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have only had it for a month so I can't attest to its long-term durability, but so far this Hoover Platinum Bagged Upright is super. Cool retro look, comfortable handle, lighter weight than my cat, and, most importantly, great suction (edge, too). Works well on carpet and hardwood. Very maneuverable. The canister vac that comes with it is also nifty. Am still getting used to slinging it over my shoulder. In that position it is closer to your head and therefore quite loud, but not outrageously. I really like the idea of selling these 2 as a combo. Fitting attachments to an upright's hose can be so annoying. This upright is not trying to be a canister.", {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We bought our Platinum Upright 2 years ago and we love it. We had bought a fancy new upright canister vacuum before that and it was heavy and always getting plugged up in one of many locations. This Vacuum is light weight and powerful. If you turn it on and let go of the handle, its so powerful that it will take off moving on its own. The portable unit that comes with it is handy and powerful as well. As long as we can get bags and parts to keep this vacuum running, it will always be cleaning our home. The only complaint I have is that the store we bought it at no longer carries it or the bags, so we have to order them from Hoover. GREAT JOB HOOVER!', {'entities': [(632, 638, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Title says it all. We're tired of struggling with the heavy central vac hose in our house, so we decided to try this Hoover based on the positive reviews. We unpacked our new Hoover this morning and my husband spent the day cleaning every nook and cranny he could find. It's light enough to easily carry around all three floors, transitions seamlessly from the hardwood to the carpets, and is very powerful. My husband is especially in love with the portable cannister he used the attachments to dust in every hard to reach corner he could think of. It seems sturdily built and well designed and hopefully will last a long time.", {'entities': [(117, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All the features I disliked about my other two vacuums (both sold as commercial models from two different manufacturers)power cord too short, plastic parts that failed to hold attachments, difficult adjustment lever for different floor surfaces, to name a fewhave been addressed and improved with this model. I truly love it. It is compact in design but very well made--it reminds me of the older models that were built to last. It is lighter than my other two vacuums which really makes a difference when carrying it to the second floor. It does an outstanding job on pet hair, stairs, and my multi-surfaced floors automatically. I love it! I am so confident that I disposed of my other two models. I know this new Hoover can handle it all.', {'entities': [(716, 722, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cleaned houses through college and have used every vacuum at every price point out there and I would choose this vacuum every time! (Even over a Dyson and similar high-end brands)! The pick-up is great and consistent, while not being extremely loud. The upright is light and easy to use, and the canister is light and is easy to throw over your shoulder and get those pesky hard to reach places. Without fail I would choose this Hoover every time.', {'entities': [(431, 437, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We had a kirby for many years before it passed. We decided to get a lighter vacume since we are older. We purchased a Oreck not a good purchase would not suck up even a ladybug off tile real unhappy. So we decided to see what Consumer Reports said low and behold they recomended the Hoover Platinum for weight and power and they were correct. We have only had ours for about three weeks and it has been great. Only problem we have heard of is getting bags so we did order extras and are still waiting for them.', {'entities': [(283, 289, 'PRODUCT')]})
("WOW! I got mine from ... today and all I can say is WOW! Hoover you out did yourselves! After using a disgusting, clunky, poorly designed bagless Bissell, this is the most amazing vacuum I have ever used! My living room rug is an entire shade lighter! I don't feel like I need a shower after vacuuming now. I works beautifully on the stairs, no hoses needed. It picked up every crumb. I only had to change outlets once and I have a 2200 sqft quad level home! I have two small children, 1 dog 2 cats and it picked up everything! Assembled in minutes with one screw. Need to get used to the on/off switch b/c I keep hitting it when I vacuum...but definitely not a deal breaker! Love, love, love this vacuum!", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have owned this Hoover Platinum upright for over 6 years now and it is simply the best vacuum I have ever owned. You can maneuver it very easily due to it being lightweight. The suction power on this vac is unbelievable and really cleans my rugs and floors great. I have a yellow lab that sheds so I choose to own a vacuum with bag so this can be tossed out. Great job Hoover for providing an excellent quality machine.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used the Hoover Platinum Collection Lightweight Bagged Upright Vacuum UH30010COM and the portable canister unit SH10000 that comes with it for about 10 days. We are very pleased with the ordering process, the price (212.00 + 0.97 shipping + 12.24 sales tax, a total of 225.21) and so far the 2 vacuums. So far, both the upright and the portable canister have performed admirably. The upright is powerful yet light, around 12 pounds the lightness is important because we have 40 steps to carry it up and down. The upright also cleans the edge of a wall-to-wall carpet all the way to where it meets the baseboard - something no other vacuum I have owned has been able to do, a terrific feature. The portable canister is handy for cleaning less accessible places that are awkward for the upright (e.g., around windows, sliding door tracks, under the refrigerator). You can use the upright to clean carpeted stairs if your wish - the handle folds down 90 degrees so it is even with the stair treads and there is a convenient handle on the body of the upright that helps you in cleaning stairs. This is OK for me, but still too heavy for my wife, so she uses the portable canister for the stairs. Assuming no long-term maintenance problems, I could not be more pleased with my purchase.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Best vacuum I have ever had. Its lightweight and I can go from carpet to wood floor and it glides along so easily. It has great suction and it is a pleasure to vacuum with. The cylinder is like manna from heaven for me. I can do the stairs in minutes and the edges (my home has never been so dust free) the suction on this unit is great too...good for the car as well. Very easy to put together when it arrived. On the negative the bags are a little spendy (but i went online and bought 4 bags, 2 for the vacuum and 2 for the cylinder for 23 bucks incl shipping). Thinking they are going to last easily a year even though i have 2 kids and 2 cats! Great product from Hoover!! Great price from Walmart!!', {'entities': [(667, 673, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Hoover Platinum Collection combination is a great lightweight combination that covers all your vacuum needs for the home, car, etc., I have purchased 3 of these sets and have nothing but positive reviews for this product they are powerful lightweight products that are priced at a decent and fair price. I had to replace the hose on the canister vacuum because my family had used it and actually wore it out! I had it for 7+ years. I would highly recommend purchasing this collection, combination.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hoover out-did itself with THIS PRODUCT. WOW...I'M IMPRESSED and perfectly happy with my purchase. The upright canister is everything and more with suction. Pulls itself along on low carpeting and is very lightweight. The tag-along canister vac for the stairs and bare floors is TOTALLY AWESOME...!! With the wand extension, there's NO bending over. It glides along the floor and cleans under things just perfectly. With all the tools attached, theres' no stopping. I'm thrilled with my purchase. THANK YOU HOOVER FOR MAKING MY LIFE EASIER...!!!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have bought many vacuums over the years even owned a couple of Hoovers but my last vacuum was a Kenmore needed replacing at 3 yrs old so I started to do some research since I knew I didn't want another Kenmore.. I knew I definitely wanted an upright one with a bag I had owned a vacuum that was a bagless type but found it to have little suction power.. I looked at the comments for this Hoover Platinum on Amazon, Target Walmart liked what I read liked the price here at Walmart so I bit the bullet bought it using the 'Site to Store' perk to waive the shipping fees.. Well as someone that owns a pet I can tell you I LOVE THIS VACUUM it is light easy to move around boy does it pick things up.. I was also surprised that when I vacuumed over the marks in the carpet left by furniture chairs the marks came right up like they were never there.. What also surprised me was how you really can vacuum over scatter rugs with it the vacuum doesn't eat the scatter rug up like they usually do here I thought it was just words again in the instruction booklet.. I would recommend this vacuum to everyone the additional attachment vacuum is easy to handle use too.. Worth the price ..", {'entities': [(65, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find the Hoover Platinum bagged vacuum to be a nice combination (upright plus hand-carry). As many others have said, the upright is very light compared to my old Hoover upright Windtunnel. It is much quieter, particularly over plush carpet, and the two handles work well to guide the upright for carpeted stair cleaning. I was surprised at how well the upright fluffed up our plush carpets, particularly on stairs (makes them look like new). The rubber wheels roll quietly on hard floors, and don't mark. The hand-held vacuum is also light and easy to carry. Contrary to some reviewers, I did not find it particularly loud and the vacuum strength is adequate for cleaning corners and upholstery. One gripe is that there is no height adjustment on the upright, which makes it hard to push on plush rugs (very easy on hard floors and berber carpets). To counter this, I run the upright on low to reduce the vacuum strength which in turn makes pushing the vacuum easier. Gripe two is that the beater brush does not stop spinning when the upright is in the locked, upright position. I don't use the upright on hardwood floors, so this is not a big issue for me. (The hand-held vacuum cleans hard floors pretty well).", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've only owned this product for 4 weeks so consider the Durability rating with a grain of salt. I went to Consumer Reports and checked out other websites ratings and selling of this product. Walmart beat everyone by 100+. Others were selling it for 300+. It's so much quieter than my other Hoover vacuum. It runs smoothly and efficiently. I use it about 2xs per week and have not needed to replace a bag yet. The separate canister for hose and attachments was new to me - it hasn't been cumbersome and I love the fact I can strap across me and zoom around the house for special jobs and my car! My cleaning lady loves this vacuum too. It's so light and easy to carry around and up and down stairs. Thus far, I am very satisfied and Walmart shipped this to me in 2 days.", {'entities': [(291, 297, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Hoover vacuum is great! It is quiet (for a vacuum), has great suction and is lightweight. It also has a long cord and gets corners and edges pretty well. I did a lot of research before purchasing this vacuum because I have been through 3 other vacuums in the last 9 years. I wanted a lightweight bagged vacuum that had good enough suction to pick up all the hair my dog sheds and could handle both carpet and hardwood floors. Lastly I was looking for something that was not ear-splittingly loud like my old Oreck was! I think my only complaint would be that its profile is about 1/2 inch too high to fit under my kitchen counters. This vacuum has everything I was looking for and I got it for a much lower price at Walmart.com than anywhere else I found it.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the sweeper, compared it to a Oreck. Only problem I have is you can't find bags for it at Walmart.. Inconvenient trying to locate sweeper bags for this model. Hoover site cost me a fortune for 4 bags. Shipping was high 8.50 and the bags are very expensive. So purchasing 4 Sweeper bags plus 4 sweeper bags for the hand model was like 34.00.. Just for bags!!! I do wish I would have went with the ORECK!", {'entities': [(164, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am over 60 and was looking for a lighter vacuum than my current Hoover 17lb. upright. This vacuum is about 12lbs. and moves easily forward and the ergo handle is a nice plus. It definitely is a lot lighter and and easier to handle. This vacuum picks up well, but be careful on lighter throw rugs as it will eat them up even on low setting. The canister has nice suction, but the exhaust in back blows hard and can disturb loose items such as papers, magazines, etc. It is also heavy even with the strap. I use my old extension and tools from my previous Hoover for easier pick up and less strain on the back. I have only had it for 2 weeks and the canister works well for the car. This vacuum arrived the day after I ordered it much to my surprise as I choose the free shipping option. Must have been due to the fact I live close to Walmart distribution center. Only time will tell if this is a good purchase. My older hoover upright is about 15 years old and still working well. Definitely recommend.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I looked at all vacums, electrulux, dyson, and bought the electrulux upright and returned it, it was nice looking that was it, very heavy, then I looked at the dysons, all of them at Best Buy, and then the sales rep showed me this vacum cleaner, it is not like the other plastic Hoovers at all. This vacum cleaner is awesome, Very Lightweight !!! no dust to deal with !! no dirt in your face, you can actually vacum without feeling like you need to take a shower , after playing with your dust cup ! It is very easy to move around, it does a very good job on carpet or tile ! I never thought to even look at it, I am so glad the sales rep showed it to me, I Love It, it has a huge bag, and no dust flying around when you empty it. It even comes with a second vacum, which I have not used yet, but it has all the tools you would need ! I am happy I bought this instead of the plastic dyson, it looks like an overpriced plastic vacum cleaner, that does no different than any other vacum cleaner in an upper price range. The Hoover weighs 12lbs. it is GREAT.', {'entities': [(279, 285, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the fourth vacuum I've purchased in the last two months, and the first one I didn't return. I'm very pleased with the performance of both the upright and handheld with attachments. I feel Hoover has come back to producing quality vacuums, and I hope I will be able to say this 6 months down the road. I have 2 terriers that shed constantly, and both vacuums pick up the dog hair quite well. The upright is streamlined and not heavy to pick up--and I'm not a very strong woman. Some reviewers have complained of the noise of the handheld, but I don't think it's inordinately loud. Yes, I would like it to be quieter, but it's average in my opinion. All in all, I'm thrilled with this vacuum pair and expect them to last for many years. One warning though, this upright is NOT for shag carpet! I have a shag area rug, and it is very hard to push and pull the vacuum over it. I must switch it to the low setting and lower the handle as much as possible to lessen the suction. Since I have only this one rug, I still love this vacuum for my regular carpetting, tile and laminate floors. Unless your house is mostly shag carpet, I would recommend this vacuum.", {'entities': [(196, 202, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a Consumer Reports junkee and I tend to go with their recommendations. The Hoover Platinum got very high marks in their ratings, but I think it was passed over for the CR Best Buy because of its price of 400. That's why I was so surprised to find the same vacuum at Walmart.com for only 219. It was a no-brainer. It arrived very quickly, was professionally packaged, and easy to assemble. I immediately tried it on carpet, because this is one of the areas it was supposed to excel in. It did not disappoint. Even when I ran it along the baseboards where dog hairs accumulate, it did a better job than my previous high-end vacuum (which was twice the price.) It does great on hardwood too, and I switched it into the low setting for my throw rug, and it knew what to do -- suck up the dirt, not the rug. Wonderful product! It has special grips for vacuuming stairs and is easy to handle -- I'm a weakling so I appreciate its light weight. This vacuum was designed by someone that actually does the vacuuming at their own home. I can't comment on its reliability because I've only owned it for a month, but I have no buyer's remorse. I LOVE this vacuum.", {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this machine. I tried a cheaper, bagless model, but hated emptying the canister and the belt broke after the third use. I took it back and bought this one - even though it cost almost twice as much - because of all the glowing reviews and I liked the idea of getting two vacs. THIS IS TOTALLY WORTH EVERY PENNEY! The upright is fabulous. It works just fine on my hardwood floors without scratching and picks up even the grass and leaves my dogs track in. I thought the days of buying a vacuum that lasted 20 years were over, but this machine feels so solid I can actually see it lasting that long. It reminds my of my mother's old green hoover that she used forever, except that it's a whole lot lighter and the floor actually looks clean after using it. The canister is also very lightweight with good suction. But it's really not very thoughtfully designed. There's no good way to store the tools and no place to wind up the cord, so it's pretty unwieldy to get out and put away. Luckily I don't use it all that much. It's a shame that the folks at Hoover didn't take the time to put the same thoughtfulness into the design of the canister.", {'entities': [(1058, 1064, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the very best vacuum cleaner I have ever owned, and I have owned quite a few. You may think the bagged vacuum is a thing of the past, but you are wrong! Those bag less vacuums spew dust in your face when you try to empty them. This cleaner is powerful, and the dust stays in the bag! Thank you, Hoover. Don't try to improve this one, please!", {'entities': [(303, 309, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I read the MANY glowing reviews on this vacuum (lotsa sites!), and figured they must be Hoover shills- NOT! Fun vacuuming... Yea, sure- It's TRUE!- I vacuumed til 2am first time (I couldn't believe my eyes!)! My old CG Top-Rated 4.5hp canister would fluff up packed hallway... carpet (surface only!), but would quickly pack right back down. :o( The Hoover goes MUCH deeper (must go perpendicular/both ways..., or floats at higher side carpet level!), removed TONS of old dog hair, and REALLY deep fluffed up my carpet! After walking on it for two-weeks, my carpet is still fluffy! WOW! It was a pain on packed stairs (no more!), but worth it (sucks good when locked upright!)! Cons- The portable hand vacuum that comes with is a WEAK JOKE (one star, as they don't have zero!)!- I'll keep my powerful canister vac for the tools, as NO vacuum I've found cleans all the way to the edge (right side is close)! Sound Too Good to be true- Well Wally World has a liberal in-store return policy (even when purchased online!)! I guarantee you'll be AMAZED at the performance, and long warranty (you definitely get what you pay for!)! Scott :o)", {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife has purchase every vacuum cleaner ever invented except the Dyson and I refused to spend that kind of money on something that would not produce an absolute vacuum, which is theoretically impossible. Nevertheless, we bought another, that makes seven now in our possession however I must say that the Platinum vacuum by Hoover is the best engineered for the money I have ever seen. If only Wal-Mart would stock the bags for it, it would be as close to perfect as I would require.', {'entities': [(325, 331, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this set for myself for Christmas 2012 and both are awesome.I had a old Upright Hoover for 25 years..and it finally passed on..so this is ow I came to the new one..AWESOME..dont know how I have lived without this little cannister vac..I use ot more than I do the new upright which both are awesome I have NO complaints whatsoever. And the customer service people are jsut awesome too..I just love Hoover!!', {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am glad to be using a vacuum with a bag once again. I have had several Hoover bagless vacuums. Removing and replacing the bag is a lot easier.', {'entities': [(73, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a mom, homemaker and professional maid by trade. I have had this Hoover for 3 years and it runs as good as the day I purchased it! The wheels are fine and not flimsy at all. This vacuum, by far, outperforms the Oreck on cleaning and suction. Also the Oreck has left black marks on my customers carpets when the supposedly superior wheels get a little milage under them, and I have had more problems with the belts on the Oreck then the Hoover. The canister that comes with it is great as well. Nice long cord. Use it to on hardwood and tile before mopping to clean up dog hair, food, and debris and, of course, the stairs. Very easy to change the bag with a nice feature that keeps the dust from flying everywhere when you remove the bag (Oreck does not have this). Also a light takes the guess work out of when to change the bag. There is a convienent handle on the back of the vacuum that makes it extremely easy to carry up and down the stairs, and the canister has an adjustable and comfortable carrying strap. While cleaning floors with the canister the best way to wear this is with the strap all the way extended and across your body instead of hanging off your shoulder, that way you are free to move quickly and you won't have it slipping off your shoulder and dropping to the floor. I love this Hoover, in my opinion it was worth every cent and I am going to purchase another one to keep on the second floor.", {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While vacuum shopping I was disappointed to see how many leading vacuums were bagless. These "filter bags" are not cheap but they\'re great for households with allergy issues (the bags on the upright even seal as they\'re being removed -- great design!). The upright is very light and the canister is great for getting in the crevasses and for use in the car. I even use it to suck the dirt out of my little Electrolux battery-operated hard floor vacuum, which allows me to benefit from its ease-of-use but not have to fling dirt and dust back into the air while emptying it. I wholeheartedly recommend these Hoovers!', {'entities': [(607, 613, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my second Hoover vacuum cleaner in more than 20 years...just shows how sturdy and reliable this product is. This new Hoover is a lightweight product which really cleans with a bang! Have only had it for a little over a month, but am loving it big time!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this two-piece set from Hoover. Mom's friend checked mine out and bought two! I cleaned my home very quickly!", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love my new vacuum; even my husband likes it. So much easier to push than my old Hoover WindTunnel, which had excellent suction too, but just was so heavy use anymore that it kind of sat in the closet, only to be used primarily to clean the car. I started to use my Hoover Linx to do the everyday vacuuming, though it works well, it really was not giving our carpets a proper cleaning. I have been a Hoover customer for the past 40 years and never really had a problem with any of them. I just got the bug for a newer model with little more power and more features, every few years or so. I probably have averaged about six years per vacuum and since this vacuum has a six year warranty, I should have it for at least that long. The separate little canister is nice to have and has excellent suction too. The only problem I have found, when you have it close to you, I feel a lot of warm air coming from it, which is a bit uncomfortable. Others have complained about it being noisy, but I don't think it is that bad.", {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Hoover-Platinum. 2nd one I have owned. Just gave the first away to my Mom and she loves it! Also I am a bag girl. I do not like the bagless sweeper.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this vacuum due to it's high rating in Consumer Reports. It replaced an Oreck xl which is overpriced and only offers fair performance. It is as light as the Oreck but has a ton more suction. The Hoover pulls the nap on the carpet up like the Oreck never could. I like that it includes the separate canister vac and that it has HEPA bags. Definitely a great deal, we will see how long it lasts.", {'entities': [(207, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Hoover vacuum is excellent for picking up dog fur. Also, the portable canister vac is great for stairs, easy to carry. The main unit is solid with a strong motor.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Hoover is a wonderful vacuum because of its dual function. Also, it has plenty of power and is very light and easy to use.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mom is 76 and no longer has the strength for her Hoover Wind Tunnel. Its very heavy for her so I bought this one because its much liter and rolls very easy. The suction on both of them is really good and the upright lifts the nap of the carpeting really nice. You can tell the difference after you go over the carpets. Its pretty quiet and has a bright lite for darker areas. The idea of a full bag reminder is a nice touch also. The cord is so long< I never had to unplug it. The instruction book is very simple to read. This is by far an excellent machine. Definately buy this one. Hoover has done it again.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We did quite a bit of research on HEPA vacuums before settling on this model. So far we LOVE this vacuum. You can easily spend $500 for a Oreck Vacuum that has these same features - but save your money, this Hoover is all you need.My son has a terrible dust mite allergy, we notice a difference already in his breathing due to b- weekly cleaning with our Hoover.', {'entities': [(208, 214, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always had Hoover products and very satisfied with them. Last year I tried a couple of other brands. I took them back and stuck with my Hoover. Recently, my Mother did the same thing. She & I both need the lightweight. I let her try mine and she agreed that it was the best for her. I purchased this one for her. We both spent a lot of time searching and returning. I suggest saving your time searching and purchase this one. The time you save, you can use cleaning!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am use to middle of the road cheaper upright models, that might last a couple years. I have owned this "dynamic duo" for a short while, and bought it after yet another backbreaking cleaning day. I was weak!! When I started them up to clean my house (we have 11 rooms) I was actually smiling. With 2 cats and a dog, we are never short of pet hair. I figured it would leave some, I was wrong. I wasn\'t bent over my stairway forever trying to get all the hair sucked up. In fact, I wasn\'t bent over at all. Where my upright couldn\'t go the canister can, and I was even amazed at the power that little thing has. My big test was small area rugs. I have never had a vac that didn\'t grab the ends, suck it in, and burn out a belt. I put the Hoover on low and gave it a try. I am so impressed. Now I am writing this review. Yes, it is a little pricey, but with a 6 year warranty, two vac\'s, and alot of extra time to do other things (instead of marathon vaccuming) I am one very pleased lady. I would reccommend this pair to anyone, especially anyone that breaks their back with their present vac (like I did). I have never spent this much on a cleaner, but it was so worth it. Every aspect about these vac\'s were as advertised, actually better than I expected. One screw assembly, very lightweight, and a powerhouse. Bravo! I have become a Hoover fan with a push of a button. The review I read on how it could "suck up a Buick!", was on the mark. What an awesome machine!!!!!!!!!', {'entities': [(737, 743, 'PRODUCT')]})
('First, a disclaimer of sorts . Im a long-term, died-in-the-wool Hoover evangelist. No, I dont work for Hoover, but Ive used Hoovers religiously for 30 years. Ive tried switching off to other top-of-the-line brands, but always returned to Hoover for their unsurpassed cleaning power and reliability.That does not, however, mean they were perfect. The Hoover WindTunnel U6439 bagged upright that Ive had for the last several years would suck up a Buick. Unfortunately, it also rivaled a Buick in the weight category. Although its supposedly a self-propelled model, I felt like I had to go into training in order to vacuum my house. It became something I would put off because I wasnt sure I had the strength to wrestle this bulky beast all over my house. The WindTunnel controls which allow you to change the brush height from carpet to floor were manual, hard-to-move levers on the brush housing which required you to shut the machine off in order to properly manipulate them. The HEPA filter on my old WindTunnel seemed to work only for the first few months. After that, all manner of airborne particles would fly around as I vacuumed, even after I cleaned/replaced the filters. Lastly, noise of my previous WindTunnel was something akin to a jet taking off.When I saw a TV commercial for the Hoover Platinum series machines, I was definitely intrigued. I loved the idea of getting two separate vacuums together for one price (brilliant marketing idea there, Hoover). But I was skeptical; could the power of a Hoover truly be housed in something that weighs only 11 pounds? Id tried other lightweight vacuums in the past and their suction was dubious at best.I made a beeline for the Internet to start researching. Over a couple of days of intensive reading, I decided to continue my trust in Hoover and took the plunge.Both machines come packaged together in a single tall box which was waiting for me on my front porch when I got home from work. The first thing I noticed was that I could actually lift the entire box into the house without grunting like a Sumo wrestler that was promising. After removing everything, I was stunned at the weight  or lack thereof  for both machines.The physical appearance is very appealing; the upright is sleek and slim with a 35 long cord, and the canister has tools-on-board, along with an ingenious shoulder strap so you can wear it while you vacuum. You will be stunned by how little these machines weigh  a child could easily lift them both. But could they clean?When I fired up the Platinum upright, the word that kept coming out of my mouth was WOW. First off, no more jets taking off in my living room  just a pleasing HUM. Second, this impossibly lightweight wonder gives a whole new meaning to the term self-propelled. It seemingly FLOATED over my carpeting all on its own, while still having the suck-up-a-Buick power I expected from a Hoover. It cleaned better in one pass than its older U6439 WindTunnel behemoth cousin did in several passes. I was picking up stuff I didnt even know was there. Whether vacuuming underneath your bed, or behind that dresser that you havent moved since you moved in 15 years ago, it was astonishing how well this machine worked in just one pass.I have a rather large, bulky throw rug in my kitchen that I had been preparing to replace because it had become so un-vacuum-able in recent weeks. The Platinum upright made it look brand new. And hallelujah for a TRUE edge cleaner! Everyone claims to have edge cleaning ability on their uprights, but this one truly delivers on the promise. Think about those sneaky areas in your house where all sorts of stuff lingers  like that dead zone along the baseboards tucked up under the bottom of your kitchen cabinets where they meet the kitchen floor. This Platinum upright sucked up all that debris  right to the edge.The maneuverability of the Platinum upright is astonishing. It truly is as light as Hoover claims and it moves as easily as a Dyson. The upright portion of the machine lowers completely parallel to the floor so it really can move under coffee tables with ease. It also moves from carpeting to floors effortlessly with an intelligent, lighted, fingertip control right up there on the handle.The HEPA filtration is light-years ahead of my previous WindTunnel  think HEPA with a Hemi under the hood. Yes, I know that bags are expensive, but you can find discounts if you search online and buy in bulk. I dont mind paying for a product that truly works  these bags, and this new Platinum HEPA filtration system, truly work. No dust or other airborne nasties were visible anywhere.The Platinum canister has a carrying strap, which makes so much sense. The folks who clean my office building uses strap-on canister vacuums and I always what an intelligent design  now, Ive got my own. And all the tools are right there attached to the unit, ready and waiting for you. I toted that canister all over the house, cleaning window sills, ceiling corners, air conditioning vents, everything! Then I walked into the garage and cleaned the inside of my SUV. Its quiet, powerful and incredibly portable  the best canister Ive ever used.In my first test run of this Hoover Platinum vacuum system, I found myself LOOKING for stuff to clean; I couldnt get enough of it. The Hoover UH30010COM Platinum is, quite simply, the best vacuum PERIOD Ive ever owned. I absolutely LOVE this machine  and to get 2 vacuums  an upright and a canister  for the same price just makes terrific economic sense. It has extraordinary power in a relatively quiet, sleek, lightweight package that doesnt leave me feeling deaf, sore and exhausted. Bravo, Hoover!', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this vacuum pair based on the reviews. Had I simply been browsing in the store, I likely would have chosen something else because for the price, it doesn\'t look like you\'re getting much. I am so glad I went against my instincts and listened to what others have said about this unit. It\'s awesome! It leaves the carpet looking like it\'s just been steam cleaned, not merely vacuumed. (No, it won\'t remove stains. It just really picks up the nap and makes the capret look new.)This is a case of simpler being better. I work for another retailer that sells Dyson, Electrolux, Hoover, Eureka, and Oreck. I have seen that the units that get returned most often are the ones with too many bells and whistles and gimmicks. This set just does what it is supposed to do: vacuum carpets really well.The canister is super lightweight too, but has awesome suction. My only knock on it is I wish it had a little longer hose to make it more suitable for cleaning the car. But for inside the house, it\'s great. The extending tube locks at any length you choose and works great for hard floors and ceiling fans and stuff like that. The tools are nothing to get excited about, but do the job. I stopped at a local vacuum store and picked up a dusting brush with longer, softer bristles than the one supplied so that I could vacuum electronics without scratching up the plastics. ($7)Points that I would counter from other reviews:1. "The hose falls out of the canister easily."No, it does not. Twist the hose to lock it in place, and then it\'s acutally kind of hard to remove.2. "The canister is super loud."No, it\'s not. Of course this is subjective, but to me, it\'s much quieter than vacuums I\'ve had in the past.3. "The bags are very expensive and hard to find."The bags can be tricky to find in stores, but are readily available online. They\'re about $5 each, but to me that\'s not bad at all when you consider they are really big bags, you\'re getting HEPA filtration and never have to replace a seperate HEPA filter unit (which really can be pricey), and they have an automatic "trap door" that slides closed when you remove the bag so dust doesn\'t go flying everywhere. Value.For inside the house, this is the best vacuum solution I\'ve owned, and even though I was really reluctant to spend $300 for this, I have no regrets.', {'entities': [(581, 587, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was looking to go back to a bagged vacuum because I was tired of the extra maintainance my bagless vacuum required (filters, cleaning) all the time. I have owned bagged Hoovers in the past and trust the name. When shopping for appliances I always look to Best Buy first and saw the Hoover Platinum Collection. I'm so pleased! Not only did I get an upright vacuum that really cleans my carpets and is easy to handle, I also got a handy porable canister vacuum! The canister vacuum comes with a hose, wand, attachments and a shoulder strap! I cac clean anywhere from my ceilings to my baseboards without killing my back! Both vacuums come with generously long cords that let me plug in one room and clean my entire two bedroom apartment with out moving the plug! I also loved Best Buy's price!", {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Hoover Plantinum Lightweight Vacuum. I am not kidding when I say - " I can\'t wait to vacuum"!. It is so easy to make my carpet look great. The vacuum is self propelled, and as long as I am moving forward - "it is literally vacuuming itself".I can really tell how worthless my old vacuum was. When I vacuum, the suction is so strong, I can feel the carpet lifting away from the pad. When I am finished, you can see the carpet pile stands up!And on a Hot sumer day, I can leave the drapes closed - the light on my vacuum is bright enough to see where to vacuum."What took me so long to replace my old vacuum ?"', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After reviewing dozens of customer reviews, I decided to order this package of Hoover Platinum Vacuum.Overall I got an excellent product for my money. Not only it is easy to work with, but it is very pleasing to look at. Nice design, good colors, long enough cords. Now I can say I finally enjoy vacuuming.Most importantly I enjoy the result. After using more expensive bag-less vacuums that did a good job cleaning up the floors, area rugs and wall-to-wall carpets, but left behind airborne dust that settle after cleaning, I resolved never to by a bag-less vacuum again.This Hoover Platinum is really a dream when it comes to lasting dust free results. An other feature worth mentioning that the upright is self-propelled and requires minimum effort to push and pull. Now our 2,200 sq.ft. floor space takes one third of the time to clean than with my previous ORECK, Dyson and other models. It is excellent on pet hair as well. Our American Bulldog's white hair no longer covers the nooks and crevices, since it is quite easy to reach everywhere with the canister attachments (assuming they will stay on better)I ordered a bunch of bags already, as I never want to be without. My solution for odor coming for the bag (animal hair, dander) to add some organic air-freshener balls to the bag before starting to vacuum.", {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was stuck between the Hoover and the Dyson. The dyson looks great and it claims to never lose suction. I went to a specialty vacuum repair shop (trying to fix my previous vacuum) and asked about the dyson. It's snazzy and has some pretty cool features, but it only sucks on one side of the vacuum. The hoover sucks equally along the brushes. Problem number two: the dyson frequently gets cloggs in that same hose. If it has cloggs, how can it suck? Apparently you have to take a wire hanger and fish out the hair and dust that caused the clogg...gross!Back to the hoover. Amazing! You can feel the resistance as you pull the vacuum back. I thought my floor was clean before, but the bag told me otherwise! I think it's strong enough to suck up its own cord (which is very long). It is much quieter than my old vacuum and the bag is made out of some cotton micro material that keeps all dust inside. The canister it comes with is great for small pick-ups or cars. I put the vacuum together in 2 minutes and have loved it ever since. I've been using it for two weeks and haven't found a problem yet. The price is great for such an amazing machine.", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife asked for a new vacuum cleaner and after researching on line I bought the Hoover. She is very happy so far. It pushes easily, picks up dirt and loose carpet fibers well, is light weight, and comes with separate small canister vacuum and attachments. This gift was a success.', {'entities': [(82, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Looked around alot, tried the 12 lb Hoover vacuum, which did not work well on my carpets, so tried this instead. Not as light, but no bags. For the price, seems to be as good as a Dyson. Works well on all my carpets. The test is how well it lasts over time. My son is buying a T1 for his apt.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After considering several reputable brands, I decided to go with Hoover. I couldn't be happier with this vacuum and the accompanying portable canister unit. The upright is a real workhorse. It sweeps both carpet and hardwood floors beautifully. The unit is light and maneuvers with ease. You can tell the moment you unpack these items that they are very high quality. The extra-long cord allows you to cover a number of areas in your home without unplugging and plugging into another socket. The canister vacuum is fantastic as well. It has surprising power and the attachments are handy for various cleaning jobs. The shoulder strap is a great feature too. You can't go wrong with this vacuum and portable canister.", {'entities': [(65, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hoover has cleaned our family's rugs for 3 generations beginning when grandmother bought her first one in 1921 followed a 1935 model used until her death in 1964.When mother married in 1941, she got the 1921 model which was then replaced in 1961. When I married in 1965, we got the 1935 model which was replaced in 1971. The 1971 model was replaced with the New Platinum bagged upright; only because I have a degenerative spine condition and the 1971 convertible was heavy and painful to push!The 1921, 1935, 1961 and now the 1971 are all carefully wrapped and stored in my basement; all in running condition. Maybe my 4 year old grandson will need a vacuum in 20 years or so.This Platinum Bagged Upright is powerful, cleans thick oriental rugs, low pile wall to wall carpeting and bare floors with no adjustments, fuss or bother. Because we have 7 dachshunds in our home ( 4 are ours and 3 are fosters for a local rescue group) I vacuum daily and this lightweight powerhouse is fantastic.In my opinion, the Hoover Platinum Bagged upright continues Hoover's century old heritage of well engineered, simple to use machines designed to do an exceptional job cleaning rugs, carpeting and bare floors with no muss or fuss!No fancy frills or sales gimmicks that break, need replacing or contribute nothing to the basic function of cleaning and grooming rugs and carpets...like some other brands.The Platinum bagged upright is just a Good, Solid, Dependable and well built vacuum that will do a great job for many years to come!I gave the canister to my daughter in law as it was too heavy to have it strapped around my neck. I have a 10year old full sized Hoover canister that I can set in the middle of a room and not have to move or carry to much. My daughter in law loves the Platium Canister for cleaning the ceiling fans in their 12 vaulted ceilings! So guess the canister is OK, too.Great product....only 1 small drawback. The bags are a bit pricey and neither of the 2 retailers that sell the Platinum bagged upright (best buy and Walmart) have the bags in stock. But, the Platinum Collection has its very own customer service phone number for any Platinum issues, questions or ordering supplies.. So, not a real problem!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Finding a "Good Bagged" vacuum took some time to research. The hype towards bagless didn\'t appeal to me, so searching for this type of vacuum was like searching for a needle in a hay stack. Hoover Platinum was expensive, but it was well worth it. Not only it was a Bagged type, but it has great suction, air smells clean after vacuuming, and it comes with two vacuums (a push type that is lightweight, and a portable cannister with onboard tools that can be used for cars or carry around for floor to cealing cleaning). Also comes with a 6 yr warranty.', {'entities': [(190, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got tired of cleaning the gross canister in my Shark vacuum, the dust and dirt would go everywhere! I thought it impossible that this was the only option available to collect the dirt. I came across this Hoover with the bag option and I could not be happier. I am a minimalist so I appreciate the sleek look and the colors. It comes with an additional portable vac that is light and has all the attachments you will ever need. I can't say enough about this purchase, so pleased!!!", {'entities': [(206, 212, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We bought this because my wife's old Royal vacuum is so heavy and hard to use. It also needs some repair to the handle latch.This Hoover is much easier to use and it does an even better job. We were concerned that there was no height adjustment, but this works equally well on carpet, hardwood, and vinyl floors. The handle for stairs is especially useful, as we have two carpeted stairways. The vacuum is so light it isn't a problem.In spite of the bad reviews on the canister, my wife loves it too. It is so very light it is easy to vacuum out the cars, and the long wands reach to the high ceiling on our back porch. It seems to have a lot of suction, and the noise is no worse than any other vacuum.We definitely wanted a bag vacuum, as emptying a no-bag vacuum is a messy operation. With the bag, you just remove all the dirt and dust and it is already bagged. Also, the bag offers a very large HEPA filter that is changed automatically when you need to change it. In one step you neatly empty the dirt and replace the filter.", {'entities': [(130, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('First, a disclaimer of sorts . Im a long-term, died-in-the-wool Hoover evangelist. No, I dont work for Hoover, but Ive used Hoovers religiously for 30 years. Ive tried switching off to other top-of-the-line brands, but always returned to Hoover for their unsurpassed cleaning power and reliability.That does not, however, mean they were perfect. The Hoover WindTunnel U6439 bagged upright that Ive had for the last several years would suck up a Buick. Unfortunately, it also rivaled a Buick in the weight category. Although its supposedly a self-propelled model, I felt like I had to go into training in order to vacuum my house. It became something I would put off because I wasnt sure I had the strength to wrestle this bulky beast all over my house. The WindTunnel controls which allow you to change the brush height from carpet to floor were manual, hard-to-move levers on the brush housing which required you to shut the machine off in order to properly manipulate them. The HEPA filter on my old WindTunnel seemed to work only for the first few months. After that, all manner of airborne particles would fly around as I vacuumed, even after I cleaned/replaced the filters. Lastly, noise of my previous WindTunnel was something akin to a jet taking off.When I saw a TV commercial for the Hoover Platinum series machines, I was definitely intrigued. I loved the idea of getting two separate vacuums together for one price (brilliant marketing idea there, Hoover). But I was skeptical; could the power of a Hoover truly be housed in something that weighs only 11 pounds? Id tried other lightweight vacuums in the past and their suction was dubious at best.I made a beeline for the Internet to start researching. Over a couple of days of intensive reading, I decided to continue my trust in Hoover and took the plunge.Both machines come packaged together in a single tall box which was waiting for me on my front porch when I got home from work. The first thing I noticed was that I could actually lift the entire box into the house without grunting like a Sumo wrestler that was promising. After removing everything, I was stunned at the weight  or lack thereof  for both machines.The physical appearance is very appealing; the upright is sleek and slim with a 35 long cord, and the canister has tools-on-board, along with an ingenious shoulder strap so you can wear it while you vacuum. You will be stunned by how little these machines weigh  a child could easily lift them both. But could they clean?When I fired up the Platinum upright, the word that kept coming out of my mouth was WOW. First off, no more jets taking off in my living room  just a pleasing HUM. Second, this impossibly lightweight wonder gives a whole new meaning to the term self-propelled. It seemingly FLOATED over my carpeting all on its own, while still having the suck-up-a-Buick power I expected from a Hoover. It cleaned better in one pass than its older U6439 WindTunnel behemoth cousin did in several passes. I was picking up stuff I didnt even know was there. Whether vacuuming underneath your bed, or behind that dresser that you havent moved since you moved in 15 years ago, it was astonishing how well this machine worked in just one pass.I have a rather large, bulky throw rug in my kitchen that I had been preparing to replace because it had become so un-vacuum-able in recent weeks. The Platinum upright made it look brand new. And hallelujah for a TRUE edge cleaner! Everyone claims to have edge cleaning ability on their uprights, but this one truly delivers on the promise. Think about those sneaky areas in your house where all sorts of stuff lingers  like that dead zone along the baseboards tucked up under the bottom of your kitchen cabinets where they meet the kitchen floor. This Platinum upright sucked up all that debris  right to the edge.The maneuverability of the Platinum upright is astonishing. It truly is as light as Hoover claims and it moves as easily as a Dyson. The upright portion of the machine lowers completely parallel to the floor so it really can move under coffee tables with ease. It also moves from carpeting to floors effortlessly with an intelligent, lighted, fingertip control right up there on the handle.The HEPA filtration is light-years ahead of my previous WindTunnel  think HEPA with a Hemi under the hood. Yes, I know that bags are expensive, but you can find discounts if you search online and buy in bulk. I dont mind paying for a product that truly works  these bags, and this new Platinum HEPA filtration system, truly work. No dust or other airborne nasties were visible anywhere.The Platinum canister has a carrying strap, which makes so much sense. The folks who clean my office building uses strap-on canister vacuums and I always what an intelligent design  now, Ive got my own. And all the tools are right there attached to the unit, ready and waiting for you. I toted that canister all over the house, cleaning window sills, ceiling corners, air conditioning vents, everything! Then I walked into the garage and cleaned the inside of my SUV. Its quiet, powerful and incredibly portable  the best canister Ive ever used.In my first test run of this Hoover Platinum vacuum system, I found myself LOOKING for stuff to clean; I couldnt get enough of it. The Hoover UH30010COM Platinum is, quite simply, the best vacuum PERIOD Ive ever owned. I absolutely LOVE this machine  and to get 2 vacuums  an upright and a canister  for the same price just makes terrific economic sense. It has extraordinary power in a relatively quiet, sleek, lightweight package that doesnt leave me feeling deaf, sore and exhausted. Bravo, Hoover!', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always had Hoovers and loved them (since 1970) I bought a bagless Bissell and when I saw this Wind Tunnel, I fell in love. My only problem was the recent problem with finding bags. You can have your Dysons etc. I am a happy woman!!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We bought our Platinum Upright 2 years ago and we love it. We had bought a fancy new upright canister vacuum before that and it was heavy and always getting plugged up in one of many locations. This Vacuum is light weight and powerful. If you turn it on and let go of the handle, its so powerful that it will take off moving on its own. The portable unit that comes with it is handy and powerful as well. As long as we can get bags and parts to keep this vacuum running, it will always be cleaning our home. The only complaint I have is that the store we bought it at no longer carries it or the bags, so we have to order them from Hoover. GREAT JOB HOOVER!', {'entities': [(632, 638, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Hoover is Best in Class, and with a limited six year warranty, you can't beat it. The Canister is also a great addition to this unit. Great for cleaning ceiling fans, stair, and hard to reach areas.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have hardwood floor, carpet, carpeted stairs and tile and wanted a lightweight vacuum cleaner that could be used everywhere. This Hoover does it all and with minimal effort!', {'entities': [(133, 139, 'PRODUCT')]})
("WOW! I got mine from ... today and all I can say is WOW! Hoover you out did yourselves! After using a disgusting, clunky, poorly designed bagless Bissell, this is the most amazing vacuum I have ever used! My living room rug is an entire shade lighter! I don't feel like I need a shower after vacuuming now. I works beautifully on the stairs, no hoses needed. It picked up every crumb. I only had to change outlets once and I have a 2200 sqft quad level home! I have two small children, 1 dog 2 cats and it picked up everything! Assembled in minutes with one screw. Need to get used to the on/off switch b/c I keep hitting it when I vacuum...but definitely not a deal breaker! Love, love, love this vacuum!", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this vacuum to replace an Oreck. It cost several hundred dollars less and is a superior product. I was surprised how quietly powerful the motor is. It has great suction and a very high-quality look and feel. This is by far the greatest Hoover product I have ever purchased. The handheld canister vacuum is convenient and extremely powerful. I couldn't be more pleased! Thanks, Hoover!", {'entities': [(245, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was on the fence about this vac, but once i unpackaged it, and put it together w one screw, I was allready intrigued, then as soon as I hit the power button, i was sold..the brush roll and height adjustmnt is auto, grooming the carpet as well as cleaning it, I like the groomed carpet look, and the color came back some to the carpet as well after several passes, so I knew the old vac, heavy and cumbersome wasnt working well at all, the canister is packed w power and easy to use w the shoulder strap making access to the tools easier than ever. Its retro look is attractive..heavy duty zipper and bag casing. And the best of all, lightweight, cleaning is work enough let alone having to haul the vac around. A bumper to bumper 6 yr warranty made the sale more attractive as well, w a 90 day return policy from .... This vac is stayng here though, one of Hoovers best and well built machines..nice Job Hoover..the price was perfect as well..', {'entities': [(859, 865, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the fact that it's very lightweight. I use it throughout the house on my carpets, floors and tile. It is exceptionally great for stairs. I've always used a Hoover, but this is by far the best of the best. I've only had it a few weeks, but love it. The only thing I would change is to have the attachments on the vacuum instead of separate.", {'entities': [(163, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All the features I disliked about my other two vacuums (both sold as commercial models from two different manufacturers)power cord too short, plastic parts that failed to hold attachments, difficult adjustment lever for different floor surfaces, to name a fewhave been addressed and improved with this model. I truly love it. It is compact in design but very well made--it reminds me of the older models that were built to last. It is lighter than my other two vacuums which really makes a difference when carrying it to the second floor. It does an outstanding job on pet hair, stairs, and my multi-surfaced floors automatically. I love it! I am so confident that I disposed of my other two models. I know this new Hoover can handle it all.', {'entities': [(716, 722, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First, a disclaimer of sorts . I'm a long-term, died-in-the-wool Hoover evangelist. No, I don't work for Hoover, but I've always used them religiously for over 30 years. I've tried switching off to other top-of-the-line brands, but I always return to Hoover for their unsurpassed cleaning power and reliability. That does not, however, mean they were perfect. The Hoover WindTunnel U6439 bagged upright that I've had for the last several years would suck up a Buick. Unfortunately, it also rivaled a Buick in the weight category. Although it's supposedly a self-propelled model, I felt like I had to go into training in order to vacuum my house. It became something I would put off because I wasn't sure I had the strength to wrestle this bulky beast all over my house. The WindTunnel controls which allow you to change the brush height from carpet to floor were manual, hard-to-move levers on the brush housing which required you to shut the machine off in order to properly manipulate them. The HEPA filter on my old WindTunnel seemed to work only for the first few months. After that, all manner of airborne particles would fly around as I vacuumed, even after I cleaned/replaced the filters. Lastly, noise of my previous WindTunnel was something akin to a jet taking off.When I saw a TV commercial for the Hoover Platinum series machines, I was definitely intrigued. I loved the idea of getting two separate vacuums together for one price (brilliant marketing idea there, Hoover). But I was skeptical could the power of a Hoover truly be housed in something that weighs only 11 pounds I'd tried other lightweight vacuums in the past and their suction was dubious at best. I made a beeline for the Internet to start researching. Over a couple of days of intensive reading (yes, I'm very thorough), I decided to continue my trust in Hoover and took the plunge. Both machines come packaged together in a single tall box which was waiting for me on my front porch when I got home from work. The first thing I noticed was that I could actually lift the entire box into the house without grunting like a Sumo wrestler that was promising. After removing everything, I was stunned at the weight or lack thereof for both machines.The physical appearance is very appealing the upright is sleek and slim with a 35' long cord, and the canister has tools-on-board, along with an ingenious shoulder strap so you can wear it while you vacuum. You will be stunned by how little these machines weigh a child could easily lift them both. But could they cleanWhen I fired up the Platinum upright, the word that kept coming out of my mouth was WOW. First off, no more jets taking off in my living room just a pleasing HUM. Second, this impossibly lightweight wonder gives a whole new meaning to the term self-propelled. It seemingly FLOATED over my carpeting all on its own, while still having the suck-up-a-Buick power I expected from a Hoover. It cleaned better in one pass than its older U6439 WindTunnel behemoth cousin did in several passes. I was picking up stuff I didn't even know was there. How about making a pass underneath your bed, or behind your dresser that you haven't moved since you moved in 15 years ago It was astonishing how well this machine worked in just one pass.I have a rather large, bulky throw rug in my kitchen that I had been preparing to replace because it had become so un-vacuum-able in recent weeks. The Platinum upright made it look brand new. And hallelujah for a TRUE edge cleaner! Everyone claims to have edge cleaning ability on their uprights, but this one truly delivers on the promise. Think about those sneaky areas in your house where all sorts of stuff lingers like that dead zone along the baseboards tucked up under the bottom of your kitchen cabinets where they meet the kitchen floor. This Platinum upright sucked up all that debris immediately right to the edge. The maneuverability of the Platinum upright is astonishing. It truly is as light as Hoover claims and it moves as easily as a Dyson. The upright portion of the machine lowers completely parallel to the floor so it really can move under coffee tables with ease. It also moves from carpeting to floors effortlessly with an intelligent, lighted, fingertip control right up there on the handle. The HEPA filtration is light-years ahead of my previous WindTunnel think HEPA with a Hemi under the hood. Yes, I know that bags are expensive, but you can find discounts if you search online and buy in bulk. Plus, I don't mind paying for a product that truly works these bags, and this new Platinum HEPA filtration system, truly work. No dust or other airborne nasties were visible anywhere.The Platinum canister has a carrying strap, which makes so much sense. The maintenance crew who cleans my office building uses strap-on canister vacuums and I always thought that was such an intelligent design now, I've got my own. And all the tools are right there attached to the unit, ready and waiting for you. I toted that canister all over the house, cleaning window sills, ceiling corners, air conditioning vents, everything! Then I walked into the garage and started cleaning the inside of my SUV. It's quiet, powerful and incredibly portable the best canister I've ever used.In my first test run of this Hoover Platinum vacuum system, I found myself LOOKING for stuff to clean I couldn't get enough of it. The Hoover UH30010COM Platinum is, quite simply, the best vacuum PERIOD I've ever owned. I absolutely LOVE this machine and to get 2 vacuums an upright and a canister for the same price just makes terrific economic sense. It has extraordinary power in a relatively quiet, sleek, lightweight package that doesn't leave me feeling deaf, sore and exhausted. Bravo, Hoover!Run, don't walk, to get the Hoover UH30010COM Platinum vacuuming system you will not be disappointed.", {'entities': [(65, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my first Hoover. I love that its lightweight so easy to push around my carpet and furniture. It was easy to set up and works like a dream. I love my new Hoover. The wind tunnel technology is amazing. I love the Hepa bags and now know that my house will be free of dust and allergens. Great suction and brush fluffed up my matted carpet. My 5 year old Kenmore recently died and I replaced it with this Hoover. I'm not disappoined. I'm very happy that I did. My Kenmore weighed a ton and was bulky. Hand held canister is great on corners and tile floors. Also great to clean around my air conditioning vents and dryer lint catcher area. I am very satisfied with this vacuume. Great product.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Dating back to the Hoover Convertible, I have used various Hoover Cleaners over the years, including bagless and bagged Windtunnel models. Yes, folks have had issues with previous models, but Hoover engineers seem to have resolved those issues with this Lightweight Platinum vacuum that runs and cleans like a champ. Accompanying this upright with a separate canister is a great idea that Hoover once marketed in the 1980s with the Concept Two. I'm glad they brought this idea back. Hoover offers this Lightweight Platinum upright and canister for a price not out of line in exchange for the quality and the warranty that you get. If you buy it, you'll soon see that it's worth the investment. This is indeed the most user-friendly Windtunnel I have owned. Using is believing, and I see how easy it is to navigate around my furniture and how well it cleans and grooms my wall-to-wall carpeting on three floors. The canister does well in and of itself, but I am not too fond of the combination brush that is included. I think Hoover could have done better here. Fortunately, all of the tools that are included with a self-propelled Windtunnel that I have can be used with the canister, including the turbine tool. If you want another vacuum and can swing the purchase price, get the bagged Lightweight Platinum combo. You will appreciate it as soon as you get it home and turn it on.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Butternut Squash and Apples are always a favorite in our house. Even the older kids love this one. It tastes just like applesauce but still loaded with a bunch of Omega-3's and Fiber. That's something that's lacking in a lot of toddlers diets. This is an effortless way of giving my little one everything he needs and he enjoys it as well. Also, as a parent of a child that has a variety of food allergies, I truly appreciate Happy Family for labeling their products well, making shopping for food a quickly and stress free experience.", {'entities': [(426, 438, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is certainly a favorite in our home. My boys love the flavor and I love that Happy Family included Salba Chia. During this time of the year I always feed my boys foods that are high in Vitamin C and this pouch satisfies that requirement. There is also 3g of fiber which I love. I'm lucky my boys share because I will often have one of these pouches as an afternoon snack!", {'entities': [(82, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I became a fan of Australian Gold years ago in Florida - it was not available at that time in CT so I managed to order it on line. Recently I notice this brand is in most discount and drug stores - but 4 is not so I looked at your website and delighted to see the array of products. I tan easily and 4 is just perfect for me - I get some protection and a very golden tan.', {'entities': [(18, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been buying Australian Gold since around 1990 I believe. It's been so long I can't remember when I started buying it. It is the only lotion I will buy. I bought another kind way back when and I broke out in a rash and my face swelled up. Since using Australian Gold this has never happened. It keeps my skin moist and soft and I never feel dried out after being in the sun. I am a sun worshipper so I need to have some protection. I do not burn easy and find I like the 4 the best as I get a beautiful tan without burning. When out with my friends they are always using my lotion. Also I love the smell of the lotion. Everyone says I smell like a pina colada. I usually have on hand at least two or three and have a bottle in every beach bag. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the 4 lotion for years, I tried 8 but it was to much block I never got a tanned. I boat 5 to 6 days a week in the sunny waters of South Florida, I prefer lotion over spray, it keeps the surrounding area cleaner with no over spray The only Drawback is the stores in my area that carries Australian gold only stock spray sunscreens The best product Australian Gold has is the Moisture Lock Tan Extender, this product stops the hurt of a bad sunburn and my skin turns into a tan the next day this product is a miracle works wonders', {'entities': [(359, 374, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to buy Hormel chili all the time because it did not have pork in it. Now I will not be buying it. I was very surprised to see this. Why did you have to add pork', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had to throw out all my Hormel Chili. Some of us don't eat pork for reasons other than health and this was always in our food stock. Very sad that they changed and DID NOT TELL ANYONE! Now we know.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been buying Hormel chili all my life, the can I opened tonight was the worst. It made the whole hotdog taste bad. It was runny, no meat, so runny it made the bun soggy! I hope Hormel fixes this problem. I'd hate to change brands.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hormel added pork to their no beans chili, since I cannot eat pork I can no longer enjoy my previously favored brand. On top of it there were no warning on the label indicating that they had a major recipe change and I can no longer trust this brand. I would love to be able to eat their product, previously it had been my go-to and always in my pantry.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Since when does Hormel put pork in their hormel chili :( i cant eat pork, so now I can't enjoy my hormel chili cheese dip :(", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used Hormel Chili No Beans for a very long time. We use it on our hot dogs.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hormel chili is a great chili for those looking for a meatier home made chili taste. It's thicker that Texas Pete's and avoids the blandness of Patterson's. This chili is close to Mama's so when you're looking for a chili deserving of a hot dog, look no further than Hormel.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't used this yet but have had Hormel products before and been happy.", {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this Hormel Chili - No Beans for chili and cheese tater tots. My daughter is not a bean fan so this works great!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use the Hormel Chili Hot No Beans for my chili dip. A very simple recipe and everyone loves it! Mix 2 cans of the 15oz chili with 1 lb shredded jalapeno jack cheese. I cook it in a slow cooker/crock pot, stirring occasionally until the cheese is melted. Serve with tortilla chips (scoops work best). Hope you enjoy them!', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Apparently the Wal mart store I frequent never has Hormel Turkey Chili wth no beans which I prefer. So I buy Hormel Chili no beans instead. It's been several months since I've seen it on the shelf. And who ever orders replenishment for the store must not like it cause I never see it. Along with frozen vegetables like Coliflower I've asked several times over the last year for those two items and I get a we'll try harder next time. The shelf label is there just not the correct product. Everything I buy at WalMart is good and fresh when available especially the produce like fresh Coliflower which I cut up an freeze before using as needed. I like shopping at WalMart and usually find everything I need when I don't I improvise or substitute.", {'entities': [(51, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hormel No bean chile mixed with Hormel vegetarian chile. Great combination!!! Simple to make don't need a grocery list of ingredients.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We really like hot dogs and every once in a while we make some great chilli dogs with Hormel Chili its fast and ready for the boys quick and they love it. add some cheese and onions and wala they are happy campers', {'entities': [(86, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loe Hormel chili! Great taste alone, on a hot dog or baked potato or on chips. I also use this product or Hormel Chili with Beans in my homemade chili for a little extra burst of flavor.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wouldn't buy any other but Hormel.I think it has best taste than any of the others.My number 1 pick always.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband will only eat Hormel chili without beans. He loves on hotdogs, spaghetti, and by itself. We recently started eating it on super nachos. It's great!", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Hormel chili and the price is awesome!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy this Hormel chilli. WITH NO beans. Goes well on hot dogs too!!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For years we've been making Ugly Dip (cuz it's just not that pretty to look at!) with a can of Hormel Chili NO Beans and one brick of cream cheese. Microwave for about a minute, stir, and continue until all the cheese is blended. Fabulous with corn/tortilla chips and people rave about it - thinking it was much more difficult to make than it really is!! It never lasts long...", {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use the Hormel Chili Hot No Beans for my chili dip. A very simple recipe and everyone loves it! Mix 2 cans of the 15oz chili with 1 lb shredded jalapeno jack cheese. I cook it in a slow cooker/crock pot, stirring occasionally until the cheese is melted. Serve with tortilla chips (scoops work best). Hope you enjoy them!', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hormel Chilli is thick and creamey and is very good on hot dogs. I have been using it for years.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this brand of chili for years and I have tried others and always go back to Hormel!', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love chili dogs but don't care for the beans Hormel is the perfect choice", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Can't get through the holiday without Hormel Chili.....makes great nachos, chili and just to use quick meal", {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hormel makes the best chili you can buy,,2nd best to homemade', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always pleased with Hormel.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Hormel chili without beans with shedded cheddar cheese an Fritos as party food and my kids love it!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hormel Chili with no beans has been my families favorite for years! I remember my mother using it to make me chili dogs and now I use it for my kids and I'm happy to say they love it! I have tried other brands but we can always taste the difference, even the kids will notice the lack of meat and flavor in the other brands. Hormel always wins in my house!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Too salty. Tried chicken loved it. Love Hormel but this is a bummer', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this, and ate 1/4 of it tonight for dinner. I love Hormel products, but this turkey and gravy was awful. It was so salty, and so nasty, I had to throw the rest out. Please lower the salt content, or offer a lower sodium version.', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was craving Turkey Breast Gravy tonight. In 6 minutes, I had perfection on a plate. Glad I bought this meal and will continue to do so. Thank You, Hormel for making my day easier.', {'entities': [(149, 155, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i tried this bacon yesterday. it was awful. way too thin. i could barely pull it apart. there was no bacon taste. it didn't cook well. what a mistake a waste of money this choice was. i'll never buy Hormel bacon again. i'll stick with what is rated best - Kirkland Oscar Meyer original.", {'entities': [(199, 205, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For the first time ever, my purchase of Hormel Black label bacon was slightly disappointing. It felt like lower quality cuts. Un even and a bit too chewy even when cooked longer. It was odd. Still better than budget bacon but not as good as usual.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My youngest child and myself have corn allergies and unfortunately, my child has anaphylactic reactions. So our entire family has to live a corn-free lifestyle to keep her safe. Hormel Natural uncured bacon is amazing. It tastes better than other corn-free bacon options. We are also huge fans of Hormel Naturals Honey deli ham, smoked ham and smoked turkey. Thank you, Hormel!!', {'entities': [(178, 184, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband I eat your Hormel Black Label bacon every weekend and my parents ate it before we did. So, that's a combined 50 or 60 years of bacon eating. No other popular brands seem to measure up as far as flavor goes. It's almost like people are afraid to put flavor in their bacon. Question: have you recently made a change to your recipe because it seems like the last few packages have been a little different--better different--more smoked flavor or something.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hormel Bacon is always flavorful, usually meaty not too salty. It's the ONLY brand of bacon I purchase for my home.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE this and every Tai Pei frozen Asian take-out box meals I've tried. Why are you consistently out of stock on nearly ALL of them As a primary shopper and shareholder of Walmart, I'm not very happy about the lack of stock of this item (and numerous other brands of products) at my store.", {'entities': [(22, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been an avid user of Clorox Wipes for many years and loved them. Something has been changed about them recently and my last 3 purchases have all exhibited this change - the SMELL. It is awful. They all smell the same. I don't know if people on the west coast are familiar with stink bugs but here on the east coast, there is an infestation. That's exactly how the Clorox wipes smell now. Please change back to the old formula QUICK!!!!!!", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox Wipes for years... Cannot live without them (or prefer not to). Now the smell is so irritating, I will have to purchase another brand to continue my Spring cleaning. I've never had such a strong objection to the smell of any cleaning product. Please at least offer a choice in the old vs. new formula.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes fanatically all over my home and I have done so for years - I have always loved them...until now! I just got the wipes with grease fighting power and it smells HORRIBLE. The main reason I use these wipes is because they make stuff smell fresh and clean. I am sad to say, I may be looking for a new product. Maybe Clorox can offer 2 different kinds I don't really have grease in my bathroom, or on my main kitchen counter spaces, usually grease is only on my stove...", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Being a mom of three, disinfecting the home has always been a big priority to keep my family healthy and germs at a minimum. I always turn to Clorox to make that happen. I have been using these products for many years and will continue to do so. Thanks for all of the great products that you offer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(142, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE Clorox wipes, but this batch is horrible. The wipes have separated and won't come out of canister in one piece. They rip and tear apart which then makes using 1 wipe useless. You have to get several out just to clean something. The smell is great tho.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally buy Clorox brand disinfecting wipes over generic wipes because I like the Fresh Scent. I notice that you've changed the scent and strongly dislike it. While I'll look for Lavender scent in the future, I suspect it does not have wide distribution.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I would give ZERO stars to the New Formula Clorox Wipes. I agree with all the other users that say the new formula smells awful. It may cut grease now but I liked the old streak free formula a lot better and it smelled nice. Whatever is in the new formula that cuts grease also makes my hands burn. I've switched to my store brand now since they work just as well as the new formula and they smell better. And they don't make my hands burn when I use them! And they don't leave streaks all over my bathroom counters, mirrors and stove like the Clorox wipes do now. Everyone (including me) used to love Clorox wipes when they first came out. Learn a lesson Clorox- if it isn't broke, don't try to fix it!", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox wipes for a number of years and was excited to try the new products. While I really like the new dispensing top the new scent is unpleasant and I wouldn't call it lemon. I also didn't think that the quality of cleaning was as good as the old product. While the new wipe is textured on one side and soft on the other I felt like I had to scrub much harder and the surface didn't get as clean. I will not buy this product again.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great product for disinfecting surfaces that harbor germs. Great for cleaning kitchen counters, door handles and in general. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the product. A great value and I know my family is germ free. Will recommend to friends and family. Thanks Clorox for being 1 This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the product. A great value and I know my family is germ free. Will recommend to friends and family. Thanks Clorox for being 1 This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use around the house instead of using paper towels. I have a laminate floor so I use them a lot for dirt and spills but I soon noticed the floor was sticky after. I tried cleaning my windows with them but they leave residue marks. I love the smell of all the wipes. I saw someone else commented on the lint residue they leave after cleaning and I also have this problem. They are good for a quick clean but other than that they are average.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox on everything in the house really. Not only does it disinfect but it smells so good. The only problem i had was they are so thin,i have to use more than one, and once opened i have a hard time keeping them wet, . Other than that i use them everywhere due to the convenience, and have i mentioned the smell I really like this product and use Clorox products frequently. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the ease of using the Clorox Wipes for cleaning door handles and frames. With 4 kids, I always have finger prints and dirt that needs to be cleaned. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they are handy and make my class room fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for clean up messy kids finger prints at work.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For the busy mom on the go, the health of my family is always important. Clorox disinfecting wipes ensures that I can get the job down with ease. Kills germs fast... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(73, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great product and must in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes at my work every day when people are sick. It always keeps things disinfected and keeps everyone else from getting sick too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like this product. Easy to use only one thing that my husband complains the strong smell of Clorox. But other wise its good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great to have in the kitchen and bathroom. It makes it simple to wipe up counters and stovetops after each cook in between deep cleans. They are durable and easy to use and leave the area smelling clean.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Good product. Clorox has a fresh clean scent and cleans well This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find Clorox wipes to be very useful on a daily basis. Whether it be for cleaning up messes in the kitchen or disinfecting surfaces when I have sick children at home, Clorox wipes gives me the reassurance that I am doing my best to keep my family happy and healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using this product, the surface is clean and disinfected. The Clorox name says it all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(68, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox wipes because they are convenient to use. It would be nice if they were a little thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having young kids, I use Clorox wipes for everything! When they get sick, we wipe everything down with Clorox wipes. I love having things be clean. Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It is so easy to clean up messes in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a germaphobic and Clorox Wipes fit the bill for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are a great way to wipe up kitchen counters in a hurry. The don't dry out half way through wiping a surface and don't leave behind visible streaks.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a pair of twins, there are plenty of messes to clean. With Clorox Wipes, I can clean easily and effectively and know that germs are gone.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes clean really well and they are very easy to use, We will continue to use the wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a Clorox user for years. I attempted to use another bleach it didn't give me the same satisfaction that I receive from using Clorox. I am a firm believer that Clorox is the best bleach on the market. If you want your whites to remain white Clorox is the one for you.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes is a convenient, quick, easy way to clean up, although I'm not a big fan of the canisters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes work really well and smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to have a canister of Clorox wipes under every sink in the house for convenient clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes is a good product to clean your surfaces and know that they are disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great brand to use! I have uses for Clorox in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox for everything. The wipes are handy and can be used a so many things. I live clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox to disinfect my door knobs counters and sinks and also computers This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I appreciate the ease of using the Clorox wipes. I keep a canister in the bathroom, especially when there is illness in the house. It makes easy disinfection after the person that is ill has touched sink handles and other surfaces. It also makes it easy for my boys to clean up after themselves if they miss in the bathroom. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use convenient , and disinfects great around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox !! I use Clorox products everyday!! They work great!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox wipes around our home. We have 3 boys and they tend to be really messy! I love the convenience of grabbing a wipe, swipe then toss. We use them in the bathroom primarily, but also on the kitchen and laundry room as well. I only wish they were a bit more textured to get out stuck on grime or food! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is such a wonderful product. I love using their products because it disinfects the surface around the home along with a clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just like the germ fighting power of Clorox products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes on a daily basis to clean up in my classroom. They are a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes help clean up after the constant mess that comes with children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I personally love all the Clorox products, they clean so well. The wipes are my favorite because they are so easy to use and clean up all the tough messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For me I think all wipes are created equally. Clorox wipes are good but I get have the same from a cheaper product or store brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox Wipes in my house all the time. We use them for wiping down countertops to stoves. Also use them for cleaning up messes the cats may leave. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox product, easy to use, is a great stain remover and keeps my whites white This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Clorox wipes in bulk to save money and because I believe they are a fantasitic product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love that with Clorox products I can trust that every surface I use them on will be free of germs. Less worry for this busy mom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are an everyday product in my house. They are tough enough to clean up any mess.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('our family loves Clorox wipes. They are every easy to use and have multiple uses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a big fan of the Clorox wipes,they are effective cleaners,easy to use and they smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy and convenient to use. We use them everyday at the doctors office I work at. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Trusted brand, loyal customer. Generation to generation Clorox is a staple in our homes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(56, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are really awesome for me and my family because they are the easiest way for me to quickly disinfect and know that a surface is clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Clorox products my entire adult life and rarely buy other products. Clorox products are dependable and versatile in use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to use the Clorox disinfecting wipes in lemon scent because it is effective in killing bacteria and germs. It also leaves my kitchen and bathroom with a lovely lemony scent!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes to clean my desks with! I couldn't make it through cold and flu season without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the clean scent of lemon and the ease of using Clorox wipes to clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the products, especially the Clorox wipes. As a new mother and wife I love that the Clorox wipes can clean up any mess quickly and disinfects so I feel my home and family is safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always use Clorox disinfecting wipes for all my needs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never let myself run out of Clorox wipes! They are a must have! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes because they are easy and quick to use... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the solution to the toughest dirt I like it This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a convenient way to wipe nasty germs away quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products . Cleans and removes stain better then any product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like using Clorox wipes a because it is easy to use. I use them a lot in my car. Plus they smell great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are really great for cleaning up and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very convenient, I leave them in my bathrooms and use them often to keep it clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes, after my family eats a meal or after I clean the kitchen, Clorox wipes are a great way to pick up the mess. Even the stove, especially with the grease! I couldn't imagine having a household without Clorox wipes in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using this product. Clorox is the best thing yet to clean your house if you haven't trid it please do so This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Good stuff, these Clorox wipes. Too bad they are so pricey. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product because in a house with 3 small babies we always have a mess to clean! Clorox wipes gets the job done on the 1st try every time! Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use these for so many different things at our house. My son is a wrestler and a football player, we use them to disinfect all of his sports equipment. They get a work out in my kitchen, not to mention in the bathroom of my teenage son. He will actually clean up after himself if he has a wipe! Thank you Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(307, 313, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes. Very easy to use, pop one out, and germs are all gone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had been using Clorox wipes regularly with good results however, I recently picked up Lysol wipes on sale with a coupon. What I discovered is it takes two Lysol wipes to equal one Clorox wipe. So, the Lysol sale with coupon turned out not to be a good value. Clorox wipes are thicker with plenty of cleaner. Lesson learned.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes all the time with kids running around all day. They come in very handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great, tough on messes. I always keep them in my car! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love all clorox products they're the best ! Especially the Clorox Disinfecting wipes. Easy use on all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy Clorox products. They work very well and help keep my household clean. The products are very easy to use and worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox products I just don't care for the lemon scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has always been used in my household because it disinfects. Great product and will recommend to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a convenient way to quickly clean up and disinfect at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all your products. I always recommend Clorox to my friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product doesn't leave a strong bleach smell but pleasant and clean smell for me and my household. Clorox to me is the number 1 product to use to disinfect and protect from germs and odors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean my countertops and table tops. They always clean up the messes and take away the germs left behind by my 7 year olds.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how convenient Clorox wipes are! I can just grab a tub and disinfect quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love Clorox product. I use it to clean and disinfect the restroom and kitchen in my home. LOVE THIS PRODUCT. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Your Clorox wipes are fantastic, but there has to be a better way to get those last few wipes out of the canister... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love Clorox product. I use it to clean and disinfect the restroom and kitchen in my home. LOVE THIS PRODUCT. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and convenient. I keep a container in my desk drawer at work to keep my work area clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Clorox my whole life and have to say it does wonders and never fells to surprise me with all it can do! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love to use Clorox wipes for quick clean ups and sanitizing. There is a tub of them in every bathroom in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great! Very convenient and useful. Especially when you have tiny little babies to clean up after. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to have Clorox wipes on hand in every bathroom for quick cleaning. It fast, effective, and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox when using other products like bleach so I trust the quality of Clorox wipes. Plus they smell good This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is a great source for keeping your clothes clean and whiter. It's also great for disinfecting your home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes because they clean really well, and they are so easy to use, my kids use them all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a quick and easy way to disinfect anything around the house, from counter tops to doorknobs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have an infant and dog and things can get pretty messy. Clorox wipes helps clean up messes really easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are convenient and easy to use. I use them to wipe up light messes in the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox wipes because they are convenient to use. It would be nice if they were a little thicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having Clorox wipes is a must have in our house, very convenient and beneficial in kitchen, bathrooms, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Trusted name of Clorox to handle all of our disinfecting needs. Works great and sturdy for those tough clean-ups.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer Clorox wipes because they last longer and clean better than other methods. I also like the germ-killing.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox pen and the wipes! we use the wipes on a daily basis in our home. We just love them!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes because they are easy to use, convenient, and after I'm done, I can just throw them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convince of the Clorox wipes. It allows me to easily disinfect the hard surfaces of my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go-to brand for cleaning supplies. It does the job well and leaves a fresh and clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always preferred Clorox brand bleach for my clothes and now Clorox brand wipes for quick clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox Wipes in every bathroom so I can keep things clean and disinfected in less than a minute! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Get Clorox clean! Tis the season for germsuse Clorox wipes to make sure the whole family stays healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Clorox to clean my house! This is the only brand I trust to kill germs and clean surfaces This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love buying Clorox wipes! I always have some on hand. They are great for cleaning all around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are convenient and great for on the go. I keep them in the car and also great for camping. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox spray and wipes. Both are great for cleaning up spills and I can trust that it is clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy the ease of using Clorox disinfecting wipes around my home especially during the flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It is so easy to clean up messes in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so convenient and easy to use. I like how they disinfect and whiten. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is a brand I've seen around the house since I was a little girl now it's a brand I trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. I feel confident that my countertops and sinks are germ free after using them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfectant wipes when I wipe my kitchen counters. These are perfect to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to have a canister of Clorox wipes under every sink in the house for convenient clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox wipes in my home. I would recommend them to others. They don't set off my asthma.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox works great on my hard to get rid of kitchen stains, and clears my bathtub up very nicely! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a fast an easy way to clean up and disinfect all around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (lemon) works great! The one thing that makes me not LOVE it is the smell.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Clorox wipes on stains and grease. The stains comes off very easy. I'm a huge fan! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Clorox wipes in my classroom, they help disinfect and are convenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are easy to use and I use them to clean the outside of our toilets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using this product, the surface is clean and disinfected. The Clorox name says it all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(68, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use, therefore more likely to be used than a regular cleaning cloth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Clorox wipes! They are convenient and easy to use, anywhere - at home or on the go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes smell amazing , and are so easy and convenient for a great disinfectant all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are: easy to use: easy to take with along good cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a huge germ phobia and using Clorox products have always givens me peace of mind!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('clean n fresh my house will away stay clean with Clorox it disinfect n clean like no other This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I alwys use Clorox wipes because they don't leave straks on my appliances and stove top. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. I feel like my home is extra clean when I use it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love to use Clorox wipes. They are great. Highly recommend for all around the house use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox, it helps us from getting sick. And it always makes my home smell nice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In 2009 I bought a brand new car with a brand new baby to put in it. As the baby has grown into a messy boy, the car has grown filthy. I attempted to clean the muck off with car cleaners and just couldn't ever get all the yuck off... and they always smelled bad. My husband suggested Clorox with the added, it couldn't hurt to try it. Hesitant about the results and the abrasiveness on my car, I started to scrub. I'll be honest and tell you I went through a whole container, but the car has never looked better! And I didn't mind going through a whole container because Clorox was so much more affordable than the stinky car cleaners. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(284, 290, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes (lemon scent) are a great product. I use them all the time in my kitchen because they disinfect and they also get out a lot of stuck on food. I also use them in various places around the house as they are so easy to use. Just grab one and go! You can also buy the smaller packs and use them to disinfect public areas where you might catch the flu. A few examples are shopping cart handles, tables at restaurants, and even door handles in public restrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hands down the best product to keep my car, my home, and my office germ free! The easy to use wipes go with me wherever life takes me. From my car to a plane to a hotel room, the ready to go Clorox wipes keep me away from germs in shared travel places. In the plane, I disinfect my tray table and remote buttons. In the hotel, the remote control, door knobs, and light switches. Clorox wipes keeps you from bringing home an unwanted souvenir... the flu! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(191, 197, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great to have in the kitchen and bathroom. It makes it simple to wipe up counters and stovetops after each cook in between deep cleans. They are durable and easy to use and leave the area smelling clean.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other brands and also lesser priced brands of cleaning wipes and I come back to Clorox. They clean well, stay moist until the end of the roll and my house smells as fresh and I know it is clean. I use the wipes on many things. Often use them just to wipe down my purse when I think of all the yucky places it has landed. Shoes and sneakers also. They have many uses. A Good Product', {'entities': [(93, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products because it is a great disinfectant. The products have a variety of uses from Laundry, bathroom and kitchen cleaning. Clorox products leaves whites whiter and brighter, surfaces spotless and eases the minds of parents wanting a clean house. One of my many favorites (and new favorite) is the Clorox window wipes. Streak free and clean, disinfectant surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is great...It smells clean and fresh, it deodorizes, and disinfects. I love it. If you haven't tried it, you should. It is one of the best cleaners that I have used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes because they are convenient and I know that I am not spreading germs from one cleaning surface to the other as I would using a regular cloth to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox products for as long as I can remember and I don't know what I would do without them, especially now that I have kids! I think I use Clorox even more now that my kids are older. I never knew a 6 year old boy could get/make such a mess! Not to mention all the germs both my kids bring home with them from school! Thank you Clorox...you're a life saver! : ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love colorox bleach I use it for everything from my laundry to cleaning everything else I use regular bleach to color bleach to wipes I just love Clorox bleach This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(148, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are so convenient and disinfects in a flash! I make sure to always have some on hand for those quick clean sessions. I also love the fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes because they easy to use and they do not leave behind any residue when you are done. Also they are safe to use to clean some electronics. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the perfect product for a busy mom of 2. Wipe downs are simple and less time consuming and leave my house clean and my surfaces disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so convenient to use and they give me piece of mind knowing that whatever gets wiped with them really is, well, clean! I use them on my counters after cutting meat poultry, in my bathroom on my toilet and sink, and they are great for things you touch everyday but never bother to clean, like the trash can lid, door handles, and light switches. I always have a canister within easy reach in my kitchen and bathroom. Oh, and I never travel without my Clorox wipes! I always take some wipes from the canister, stick them in a Ziploc bag, and put them in my purse. Ever been disgusted my a public restroom or porta-potty Not anymore! One time, while at a Kings of Leon concert, my friends and I were waiting in the long line for the ladies room when I suggested to just use the porta-pottys in the smoking area. They were all like, Eww! Gross! No way am I going in one of those! So, I grabbed my Ziploc full of wipes, hopped right into a porta-potty no line, score!, wiped down the door handle first then the seat, gave it a minute to dry and BAM, I'm good to go. Not only did I get back before my friends had even gotten a stall, but I got to use a CLEAN toilet where as they had to do the squat and shuffle! Needless to say, they opted to use the porta-potty the next time around and they stopped making fun of me for being a clean freak....who's laughing now!!! The only reason I didn't give these wipes 5 stars is because they leave streaks and don't work awesomely word or not, I used it! lol on greasy messes...I still have to take out my degreaser when I clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes! I love to keep them handy for a quick clean up. These were perfcect when we went camping to clean up the camper and tables. I love them around the house to quick clean off kid tables or the kitchen counter. My only complaint is that they dry out rather quick. I wish they held a little more cleaner so it took less wipes to get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like this product. Easy to use only one thing that my husband complains the strong smell of Clorox. But other wise its good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach in a first grade classroom - which means it gets a little smelly and a lot sticky all the time. Clorox wipes are great for a end of the week wipe down of the desks/tables, and even better for a spur of the moment wipe down of the work area of a suddenly sick child! Great for everyday cleaning 3 bars because they are a little expensive. But 5 bars on convenience!', {'entities': [(104, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy Clorox products. They work very well and help keep my household clean. The products are very easy to use and worth purchasing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes for the ease of cleaning. I can even get my teen age son to clean his bathroom with Clorox wipes. Not an easy task! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how Clorox keeps my house fresh and clean. The smell when you are cleaning is not overpowering, it smells great!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are much better to use than generic or even other name brand cleaning wipes. They smell great and I know that it keeps our bathrooms clean since they also include bleach. I would only recommend that they are easier to begin when you open them with the first wipe and that there was not so much liquid left over near the end.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a great product especially for a full time working mom. It makes clean up a breeze and I can rest assured that things are really clean after I use it. I have a daughter who is severely allergic to peanuts so we use the wipes all the time to clean the space to protect her from having an anaphylactic reaction. Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(325, 331, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I appreciate the ease of using the Clorox wipes. I keep a canister in the bathroom, especially when there is illness in the house. It makes easy disinfection after the person that is ill has touched sink handles and other surfaces. It also makes it easy for my boys to clean up after themselves if they miss in the bathroom. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best disinfect product hands down!! I have a 5yr. old son with Asthma, who is prone to diseases around flu season.. I disinfect my whole house with these wipes, from the base boards to bed head boards, light switches door knobs!!! The wipes keep my family safe along with good hand washing hygiene! Thanks Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(318, 324, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are a staple in my household! It's dependable and versatile for all the surfaces in my home", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox Wipes to-go because they are convenient and they get most surfaces looking new. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox wipes and they are very convenient to quickly disinfect and clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes on a daily basis to clean up in my classroom. They are a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use these for so many different things at our house. My son is a wrestler and a football player, we use them to disinfect all of his sports equipment. They get a work out in my kitchen, not to mention in the bathroom of my teenage son. He will actually clean up after himself if he has a wipe! Thank you Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(307, 313, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the clean fresh smell that you get from Clorox, you know its really working! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We disinfect tables and desks used for meetings and colloquia about 1x/wk. Clorox Wipes scrub the gunk (body oils, food remnants, dust, dirt from being in an open-air building) from the surfaces with the bumpy side of the cloths. The tables and desks also smell wonderful that's why we buy the lemon scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's hard to avoid germs in the winter time and when they hit my house I knew I had to fight back. That's why I went out and purchased Clorox disinfecting wipes. Within 3 days everyone was back to their 100 percent because we had said goodbye to the germs. Thanks clorox for helping me fight this yearly battle.", {'entities': [(135, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Convenient super easy to use! I disinfect everything with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great, easy to use, and smell fantastic. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product! I have tried other brands and they just don't work as well as Clorox. The only downfall, the top of the container never stays together and I end up having to stick my hand in the container and pull the wipes out. However, Clorox wipes offer a thorough cleaning and they are very convenient.", {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox disinfecting wipes better than any others that I have tried because they do not leave as much of a sticky feeling after they dry as other products. Still, there is a sticky residue left behind as well as streaks. I hope that there will be improvements made to the product in the future.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a trusted product for controlling winter germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are great to use for disinfecting surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes for cleaning once I get the first wipe pulled out from the middle. I find it very hard to find the middle sometimes. I wish Clorox would put some kind of pull or tab to help the comsumer pull the first wipe out. Otherwise, they are great for cleaning and so convenient.', {'entities': [(143, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have personally used Clorox Wipes for years. I like the convenience and ease of using Clorox Wipes. I can trust that my surfaces are truly clean and disinfected. But what I love most is that my husband will help me clean when I have Clorox wipes on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While I love the scent of the Fresh Scent, these lemon scented Clorox wipes do the trick! They are very easy to use and I love having them available to wipe down heavily used counter tops, the fridge door as well as the kitchen table every morning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and a great way to spend your money. They disinfect and you can use them for easy spills. They are a nice product to use if you need to clean something quickly, and also thou roughly. I highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Having these Clorox wipes on hand means I clean more often. I'm not sure what it is about them since I could just as easily spray a paper towel and clean. But I love having these on hand to do a quick cleaning of the bathroom counter and toilet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes, after my family eats a meal or after I clean the kitchen, Clorox wipes are a great way to pick up the mess. Even the stove, especially with the grease! I couldn't imagine having a household without Clorox wipes in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like how easily the Clorox wipes clean spots and stuff off the counters and surfaces. The smell of them is usually okay but sometimes a little chemically. I do wish they wouldn't make the skin on my hands feel as weird as they do. Thanks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes are a good product, that has may uses. There are a few improvements that could be made however. The towels themselves should be stronger. They seem to disintegrate before all of the cleaning fluid has been used.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love Clorox wipes. They make cleaning the kitchen so much easier!!! They remove grease so quickly and easily. I've tried other brands and they don't come close to cleaning and disinfecting as well as the Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great for cleaning up after messy kids. Disinfects and leaves the surface clean and the area smelling fresh. Makes me feel confident that the area is clean after having a sick child. Clorox wipes are the product I go with most. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(183, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are my go to cleaner to make sure my home is clean and germ free. I use them for anything from wiping down countertops to door knobs and telephones. They are a great addition to my cleaning arsenal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I wish this review was for the clorox scrubby wipes! I have used the Lemon wipes a few times and they work very good! I am more into the scrubby wipes from Clorox, but these are just as good! I am a Clorox fan all the way!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(156, 162, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love keeping Clorox disinfecting wipes under all the sinks in my home for quick clean ups. We buy meat in bulk and package it in freezer bags..these are great for wiping down the counter after dealing with all the raw meat :-)', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using Clorox wipes is the easiest way to keep my home clean and sanitized. I have a five year old and I like to keep the house as germ free as possible. I have even taught him to use them to clean up after himself. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love buying Clorox Wipes because you can use them anywhere in the home bathroom, kitchen, dining table, etc. I also feel like with a brand like Clorox I know I am truly cleaning an disinfecting the surface. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are convenient to use and smell good, even though they are disinfecting wipes. I do wish they were more durable, a bit thicker and a little more abrasive. They are a bit too soft in my opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have 2 kids under the age of 4 and as they continue to grow and eat so does the mess. Clorox wipes are always at hands reach for these occasions. We love them as they clean and disinfect at the same time.', {'entities': [(89, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes in my bathroom and kitchen to wipe down counter tops. They sanitize as well as remove stains. I also love using them during flu season to wipe down items in our home and office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes are excellent. they are the best to clean up kids mess. I have a 12 years old and a five moths baby and I use it around the house, kitchen, bathroom etc. they are the best This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find Clorox to be a bit too strong for my everyday, but if I'm struggling with stains that have set in or have a really tough place to clean, I go with Clorox because I know it will get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are one of my favorite cleaning products. I have 2 kids and it eases my mind knowing that my counters and bathroom are disinfected but also my kids can help clean up their messes very easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i absolutely love Clorox disinfecting wipes!!! I use them all the time I am a germ freak and the wipes ease my mind...I keep them around always even have them in my car///cant live without them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for this house and all these kids. We use them everyday on bathrooms, kitchen, and even the car! Its a great easy and fast way to keep things tidy and disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have eliminated all disinfectant sprays, rags, and sponges and use Clorox wipes instead. I love the smell and the fact that it kills all germs especially in the bathroom and kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(69, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I depend on Clorox wipes for kitchen and bathroom easy cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I need something really clean and disinfected I use Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are really great for cleaning up and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products, it cleans up the biggest messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('works wonders - very pleased with all the Clorox products :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i like Clorox wipes because they help disinfect everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox bleach will get any stain out of white clothes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are great for cleaning just about anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All the above!! I have faith in all Clorox products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved to us any type of Clorox product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Very easy to use, and I know it's clean with Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('From bleach to toilet cleaner, I always buy Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a convenient way to clean quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they are safe and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox everything feels cleaner with clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great household product for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes for quick and easy cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always used Clorox just as my ancestor have done This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes at home and on the go! Great stuff! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products....I use them all over my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach preschool and use Clorox wipes almost everyday to clean up messes.they are incredibly convenient and do an awesome job of cleaning surfaces I need to get clean. I love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have six parrots and anyone who is a parrot lover knows that they can be very messy. The Clorox wipes are a must have if you are going to make any attempt to keep their cages clean.', {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to say that Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are my favorite cleaning product. They are easy to use and work on so many different surfaces that I dread cleaning if I run out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are convenient and easy to use, while doing it's job of disinfecting our home. I am pleased with this product and always looking for ways to get more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product because in a house with 3 small babies we always have a mess to clean! Clorox wipes gets the job done on the 1st try every time! Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox wipes for a bit. I trust the brand and the scents they offer are pleasant. I have confidence that my counters not only look clean, but are germ free as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are exactly what I need for a quick clean at home and are PERFECT for having my students clean their desks before and after a class party or a messy project! Thanks Clorox.', {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox product because not only does it get youe clothes white, it get rid of odors and leave a comfortable feeling of love in your home..Gotta Love Clorox. S This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes can be used for a variety of purposes. The fresh lemony smell makes you for get about the job your doing. They are effective at both disinfecting and cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product. However, at times I find it to be very soapy, then suddenly extremely dry... Maybe it's just me... Either way, I love Clorox products. No real complaints.", {'entities': [(139, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes especially in the bathroom so I can spot clean anytime and know that the surfaces are disinfected. I especially love the orange scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are life savers especially with kids. The travel packs helps clean and disinfect germ and dirt in the car. Highly recommend to have some on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! I always wipe my kitchen counters off before and after I cook and it's the easiest way to do it! Love the smell and cleans up all messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm happy knowing that with one little cloth I can wipe down surfaces and know that those little hands are safe... It's comforting and a neccessity. Thank You Clorox!", {'entities': [(159, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Since the Clorox was invented, no another product come close..my family is a Clorox loyal consumer...I use everywhere at my house..Therefore is cleaning partner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes are handy to use when you need to do a quick clean-up. My kids sneeze everywhere and I feel better knowing that the Clorox wipes will kill the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(128, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. I use them just about anywhere in the house and I know that they make my house healthier for my family and they smell good too.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love the Clorox Toilet Bow cleaner. You just squirt it inside the toilet and leave it. Later when you come back, flush and the toilet is clean. Awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Clorox because it lets me clean up the messes my dogs make real quick and it disinfects it at the same time so i don't have to mop my floors every day", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("one of the best cleaning products I've ever used. Whether used in the bathroom, kitchen or laundry Clorox never lets me down. Best product hands down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are such an easy way to have the kids do their chores! It's so easy to hand them a wipe for them to wipe the counters, tables, or walls! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love being rest assured that Clorox wipes will do the job and do it well. I don't love the lemon scent, but other than that, the wipes are great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Lemon Clorox disinfecting wipes are great. They are convenient and easy to use. I keep some in my classroom to wipe off my tables and chairs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes at my work every day when people are sick. It always keeps things disinfected and keeps everyone else from getting sick too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and quick for disinfecting, especially during cold and flu season. I keep a canister in the car, at work and in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes - makes it so much easier when you need to clean up quickly. Also great item for my kids to take to school. Teachers love 'em! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love these wipes. I use them in the kitchen and bathroom daily. I have tried generic brands before and they do not compare to Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(126, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have tried several brands but only Clorox satisfies my idea of a spotless home, sanitary, hygienic especially the kitchen and bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am constantly using Clorox Wipes both around my house and my mom's to keep down germs. So much sickness these days, it pays to be clean :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox brand. I feel as though I am definitely disinfecting any area that i use Clorox products on. I would not buy another brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely love Clorox! I have used Clorox clean up and Clorox gallons for years! Clorox wipes are amazing! Will never use anything else) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love these! I have 2 little ones, and I know that cleaning with these Clorox wipes I don't have to worry about germs lingering or anything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox Wipes really make cleaning a snap. The wipes are durable, and really help maintain a great smelling and brilliantly clean surface.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of the Clorox Wipes but more importantly the fact that I can wipe down just about anything and its disinfected and germ-free.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep a container of Clorox wipes in almost every room as they're very convenient to wipe up dry messes and quickly disinfect surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is a Great product which beat competition a hands down . i used other products but Clorox gives me more satisfaction than any , This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(86, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they are easy to use and I have peace of mind of the clean surface that I am getting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are good and convenient. I have four children who make a lot of messes, and i always use the wipes for an easy clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes for quick small clean ups. I keep a canister under my kitchen sink, and each of the bathrooms. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have 5 young children, so I always need to clean up quickly. Clorox wipes are my favorite choice for every room and every mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are so easy to use through out the house. i love using this product in the kitchen for a quick after dinner clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family prefers the Clorox brand wipes because they work the best! This means using less wipes, which makes them a better value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am very happy with Clorox cleaning product, and the convenient disinfecting wipes and will definitely recommend all products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Wipes! I keep canisters of them under the kitchen and bathroom sinks for quick touch ups throughout the week! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love having Clorox wipes around especially with having 3 boys my kitchen and bathroom are always such a mess. Cleans great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Wipe the dirt from boot of husband very good. No smell of wipe only smell of dirt. Thank you Clorox. May god be with you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(93, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes in the canister are very convenient to use. They smell nice and do a good job of cleaning up and disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love the quick clean up I do with the Lemon or Orange Clorox wipes in the kitchen and the smell puts a smile on my face. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(56, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Clorox wipes because they make clean up faster. Don't have to spray anything to disinfect. Just grab a wipe and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes make my clean up easy! Perfect for big or small jobs whether it be in the kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy and convenient to use. I use them in my classroom and at home. Makes those little tedious job, quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have young children and it is very convenient to use Clorox wipe to clean up the mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the convenience of using Clorox wipes. I use them in every room of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the clean scent of lemon and the ease of using Clorox wipes to clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With two small toddlers, Clorox wipes makes cleaning up messes easy. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great cleaning product especially with young children in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was raised using Clorox. It's the number one disinfective in my household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They make it so easy and convenient to clean my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use convenient , and disinfects great around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Wipes, use for a quick clean up and disinfecting my home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes help clean up after the constant mess that comes with children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('using Clorox wipes is fast easy and affordable! They are good quality wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tell all my friends that I don't know how moms did it before Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like Clorox wipes, having them in the car is a must on long trips! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily to wipe down my counters, keyboard, door knobs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great brand to use! I have uses for Clorox in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome product and smells great. If you want the best then buy Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they save the day with 2 boxers and a 4 year old! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product, nothing but the best with each Clorox item purchased. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes offer powerful cleaning, good value, and ease of use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very easy to use and works efficiently. Must Have!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are great when cleaning my counter tops. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is a very reliable cleaning product. I've used it for years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! Great product Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer to use the Clorox brand over all others because of the quality.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband does leather tooling and gets leather dye all over our counters. Clorox wipes remove the stains and leave our counters clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathrooms. I hate sponge cleaning so with the wipes, I just wipe things down and throw the wipe away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how I feel after cleaning using Clorox products. I always feel like I have done what I should in making my home safe and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are pretty much all I use to clean everywhere in my house. I like using them due to the great disinfecting and cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome! My house has never been cleaner. I love Clorox wipes. Perfect for the flu season!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how Clorox Disinfecting Wipes cleans and leaves a lovely lemon scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are one of the best inventions ever. I use them at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I honestly use the Clorox wipes for EVERYTHING!! I Use them in my kitchen, my living room, my bathroom and on all of my children's toys! I LOVE it!! Great product, Clorox!! thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes, they are very convenient. Easy to use and always on hand. I mainly use Clorox wipes to clean surfaces around my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the way Clorox cleans and smells, (as long as you don't go overboard)! When my counters get stained, I just spread a little bleach on it and wala!! it's good again as well as everything else that is clean, deodorized and disinfected . Love it.!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are great to clean up messes from kids and they are quick and easy. They are also great for quick cleaning before company comes over. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes there easy to use and easy clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox for years- I learned from my Mom and I trust Clorox to work everytime. I use it in the kitchen, bath and laundry. The wipes are Fantastic during cold flu season and if you live alone makes cleaning up when you are sick sooo much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('awesome product! love to use in my busy home, family is messy and Clorox cleans them up, love it sad when it is gone always buy keeps my tolet is clean and lovely.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i absolutely love Clorox products! It's the only thing I do not use replacement products for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox products! I always feel like I'm getting things ultra clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a teenager and a toddler. I love Clorox wipes because theyre easy to use, they smell great and they disinfect and clean. Makes my minute by minute cleaning tasks quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient. I always have them around the house and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on all surfaces to disinfect and clean, especially when someone has the flu. Also good in classroom for wiping down surfaces to help spread of germs. Good for a quick clean up in bathroom too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I simply cannot live without Clorox wipes. I have two kids and two dogs. I clean kitchen and bathroom surfaces multiple times a day and don't have time to spray and get out a cleaning cloth every time. I save so much TIME by using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We only buy Clorox wipes. No other brand cleans or disinfects as well. I use Clorox wipes on door knobs, television remotes, cell phones, counter tops, light switches, etc on a daily basis during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox wipes for quick cleanups and disinfecting everything with convenience This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't run my household without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Where other people clean up after their children, I'm constantly following behind my four-legged children (cats who dine on our bathroom counters, away from our other four-legged child dog), who would otherwise eat their food. I have Clorox Wipes in almost every room in the house. Thank you, Clorox!! I love the scrubbing side, especially!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes work great and are quick and easy to use! The lemon scent is our fave! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the best quality in cleaning in a hurry, I love them ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are my 1 cleaning tool. Easy to use and always does the job! I can't remember life before Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(96, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are always reliable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All of the Clorox disinfecting wipes are great on most surfaces. I like the smell of the Lemon the best. It can wipe a greasy stove top clean in just a few swipes. I use them in the kitchen and bathroom regularly.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a new mom, I love the ease of Clorox products and the security I get knowing my surfaces are clean and safe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the cleaning feeling when I use Clorox clean up wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes clean any mess! No store brand can compare!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes get the job done quickly and they don't smell bad. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are right at your fingertips. Not only do they clean, but disinfect as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox wipes for years and I absolutely love them! I use them for petty much every room in my house. Tried other brands of wipes, but none compare!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried store brands and the other major brands, but nothing is as effective as Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They hold up at home and in my classroom.', {'entities': [(85, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With kids, Clorox makes my life so much easier thank you Clorox', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have Clorox Fresh wipes in both bathrooms, the kitchen and both vehicles! On occation I do clean houses and tell them they have to buy it before I come! It's the most bought cleaning item I buy!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so incredibly easy to use! All I have to do is use one wipe and it goes so far and cleans up so much. Not to mention the scent! I love how good my house smells after I use them... it's so fresh and clean. I HIGHLY recommend this product!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes.. They smell so much better than any of the other brands i have tried!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for everything. I always keep them on hand. I have one in the kitchen, and one in each of my bathrooms. So easy to use to wipe up the sinks and counters.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to clean around the house with Clorox disinfecting wipes! They make my life a lot easier!', {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other types of disinfecting wipes, but always go back to the Clorox brand. My husband has many allergies and is also affected by his asthma and thats why I try and keep the house as clean as possible including using these wipes to keep overall germs out to keep us healthy! So thank you to Clorox for making such a dependable, wonderful product!', {'entities': [(74, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make tidying up and cleaning my bathroom so much easier. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell after my kitchen after using Clorox wipes on my sink and counter tops! Well worth the money!', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox wipes everyday. I wipe down all surfaces in the bathroom every morning - help keep everything clean and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on Clorox from when i was a child and that all i know and use. My mother told me a clean house is when you can use Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the way Clorox wipes with lemon smell. They have a great scent, they are easy to use and do not dry up easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a houseful of teens constantly. Clorox wipes are not only convenient to me but to my teenage girls as well. Plus, they disinfect in those most important areas of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox has been in my family for years. I figured if my grandmother and mom used it I would too. It is a great product to whiten dingy whites. Also a great disinfectant for tubs, toilets and counter tops. I always worry about raw meat/blood leaving bad germs on the counter top but I just use Clorox wipes and don't worry about it any more. Definitely a trusted brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i really like Clorox products makes me feel like my home is as clean as possiable This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like Clorox Wipes. They are very handy when cleaning, specially the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has always been know for having products that clean effectively. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE Clorox wipes! They're so convenient and get the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are convenient and effective. They are especially good for those times when you can't do a full cleaning of your kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Wipes!! They are thick and clean very well. I use them to clean in every room in my house. They are convenient for everyday cleaning and are great for quick cleanings. I can definitely tell the difference between Clorox wipes and other brands. They are not as good as my Clorox wipes as some brands smear and simply don't clean as well. Clorox wipes also leave a nice shine to my bathroom surfaces when I use them. I personally prefer the lemon scent. I would definitely recommend these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love using my Clorox wipes. I love the lemon scent and the wipes are so easy to use! Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes to clean and disinfect, they are easy to use so we stock them in common areas of the building This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Wipes are something that I use almost daily! Great for disinfecting and clean-up situations. Works better than any other disinfecting wipes I've tried! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily in my bathrooms. They are quick, easy, convenient, and smell good. I use them on the counter tops, sink, and toilet. They make cleaning the bathroom quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes as a main staple in my cleaning supplies! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox name has been around since I was a child. It did the job then and it still does the job now! It is the only product name I use when I want things bright and white and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very convenient! They are great for cleaning baby and toddler toys. They are also good for disinfecting surfaces. Clorox products are a great product for me and my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love clorox. After cleaning with Clorox product the entire house smells so fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy Clorox wipes are to use and how clean they make it feel after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is a product that I have been around all my life and can be trusted to deliver quality every time. Whether it's laundry, killing germs or cleaning the siding on your house, it does the job quickly and completely! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox clean-up in my kitchen all the time and love the power of it. I use the wipes because of their disinfecting power. I work with kids every day and need the power of bleach and Clorox is my choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was raised using Clorox. I continue to use it in my adult years. I love that your product smells awesome and is an amazing cleaner . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In my household Clorox has always been synonymous with clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just moved out of a rental and Clorox wipes were a life saver. Very quick and easy. Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It really helps with my 5 year old twins! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes, they're so easy to use and convenient. Great to carry on trips and outings! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they are very easy to use and are always a great price This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in the kitchen, bathroom, and even on my boat. They are neat, convenient, and effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a son who had a transplant so I use the Clorox wipes on everything I can to disinfect our home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has great products. Affordable and they work great. The wipes are so easy to use. I use them all the time This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the best for cleaning my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes at home and at work. I love all the scents they are available in as well. Very pleased with this product. My little ones even love helping me clean with these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I clean my kitchen and bathroom counters with the Clorox Wipes, I know they are clean.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox Disinfecting Fresh Wipes in our bathroom. They're safe and effective for cleaning, and ensures a clean bathroom for my family.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are super easy to use, and for a family of five that's a plus. From cool aid stains to disinfecting counter tops Clorox wipes are awesome!", {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I worked at a childcare center for 2 years and we used Clorox wipes everyday. I also use it at my new job as a call center operator. It kills the germs and smells great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently bought a swiffer wet jet after years of scrubbing my kitchen and bathroom floors with Clorox wipes. After I finished with the swiffer it had looked as though I just pushed the dirt around. Needless to say I went back to using Clorox wipes on my floors as well as just about everything else!!! 3', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach middle school students and we are always in need of Clorox wipes. They are great for everything, especially sanitizing desks!', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. They work awesomely on any surface This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes - they do a great job disinfecting my kitchen, bathroom, dining room, den, everywhere in the house.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes.. so handy and convenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are a convenient way to disinfect the entire house. I use them in the kitchen and also the bathroom. I always have some in the care when we travel to disinfect anywhere we go. EXCELLENT PRODUCT This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have Clorox wipes sitting on my counter at all times. Love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the entire line of Clorox products because I know that they keep my family safe from germs. I especially love that the wipes can be used on a variety of surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox in Every Room of my house. From the bathroom to the ceiling fans in my bedroom, these wipes are awesome! The scent isn't too overpowering and they're not rough on your hands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox wipes. use them to clean microwave and wipe down kitchen surfaces. great value! 5 stars This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are great. I use to clean my counter tops with a sponge. What was I thinking and what took me so long to switch This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are great. I keep a canister in the kitchen and both bathrooms. Counters, sinks, fridge, toilet, doors, fans... cleans, disinfects, and very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just love using Clorox! Such a powerful cleaning supply that actually cleans, flights germs and smell really good! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox disinfecting wipes because they are easy and convenient to use, disinfects the surfaces I am cleaning and makes the room smell good all at the same time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i have always loved Clorox products. They smell good, cleans and disinfects very well. This has always been my go to brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox because it does exactly what it is suppose to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the easy, convenient disinfecting power of Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes! The fresh scent makes my home smell clean and I know that it's disinfected too.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go to cleaner for most of my lifes messes....the wipes make it so much easier with a great smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the way this leaves a good smell after i clean. This is the only one that I use. Thanks Clorox', {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a name that epitomizes clean. When I use your products in my home I know that germs are being reduced and my family is safer from the things that may make them sick. My whole family uses the Clorox line of products but I especially like the ease of use that the wipes offer. The wipes are portable so you can move them from room to room or take them on the road and they always offer the same confidence of clean no matter where we might be.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting Wipes as I have two dogs and a messy grandchild and want to aleviate germs as much as possible. I feel I can always trust Clorox products - nice smell doesn't hurt.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product, in fact, people call me the Clorox Queen! I have a jug in my cars, kitchen, bathrooms, basement, garage, everywhere. They can be used on any of my surfaces, anywhere, anytime! love them. Only wish we would have bought stock in this product years ago.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Before dinner, I love to clean the table off with a Clorox wipe to make sure there are no germs before we eat. The kids always comment on the smell and it makes me feel like my house is fresh and clean. Thanks', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have to always have Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in both my bathroom and kitchen area. I'm a clean freak so it's always necessary to have these handy. Luv that they do all my hard work for me. Thanks Clorox!!!", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox for all my cleaning needs. Having a young child in the house means big messes and Clorox is always my go to cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use nothing but Clorox. It is the best. I have tried less priced bleach and could really tell the difference, clothes were turning yellow and the others did not seem to clean as well. I use Clorox or I will use nothing. When you have the best there is no replacement. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a famous and trustworthy brand. Family name company that provides the best cleaning product that does its job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great Disinfected! I love using Clorox wipes everywhere in my house when I clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my go to when it comes to cleaning and disinfecting just about any surface in my house. Having 4 kids, I depend on Clorox Wipes to keep my home bug free and the kids healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. they keep my home smelling fresh and germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always trusted and loved Clorox. With a baby on the way i find myself using them all the time! I know the germs are away and i dont have to worry about it! I've never been let down with any clorox product i've ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for all my everyday messiness. I have several pets and they make messes that I use wipes to clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy LOTS of Clorox products for home and kids classrooms. Keeps things germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the lemony smell and the fact that it kills germs on contact. There isn't anything that comes close to effectiveness of Clorox brand products. I will always be forever faithful to my Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(127, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they are easy to use and is a great disinfectant. makes cleanups a breeze This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes, super easy to use and they disinfect so well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes. I feel the house is really clean when I use the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is wonderful! I love how it whitens everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Clorox in my bathroom kitchen because I know it kills germs and bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are convenient for cleaning when you want to get something really clean really quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes in my bathroom and use it daily to clean and disenfect . Smells great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have 2 grandsons age 5 and twin boy girl 10 month old grandchildren. We are always grabbing a Clorox wipe. With teething comes drooling, with 5 year old boys is the sneezing and coughing on anything and everything. Clorox to the rescue, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are awesome! Cleans fabulously and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox. I feel better knowing that my family is protected from nasty germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes daily. They are convenient and do a great job cleaning up after my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are easy, powerful, and best of all... so convenient! They are definitely a must in any busy, modern day person's cleaning arsenal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have great cleaning success with Clorox. Great stain remover and very powerful cleaning tough dirt. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to admit Clorox winds the cleaning war hands down. I have used many products some cheaper and some more expensive but nothing compares!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Mother of three (four if count hubby), full-time employee, clean (other people's) houses on the side, and try desperately to balance everything! I carry a package of Clorox wipes with me just about everywhere I go that way, amid all the chaos I can have a little peace of mind knowing that at least what is in arms reach is clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(166, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products. It whitens, disinfects,removes stain and deodorizes the house to make everything fresh. I uses it just about in every room in my house. Clorox is most definitely a powerful cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been used in my family for generations. It is our go to brand when it comes to cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love the way the Clorox bleach wipes takes care of every dirty job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my go to cleaner. They are easy to use and compact enough to fit in every room of my home This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is one product you will always find in my house! I love using Clorox and it makes the house smell clean. With kids and pets, I recommend Clorox to every household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. They are so quick and easy to use for messes and disinfecting. I love to keep them on hand for disinfecting when I am cooking with raw meat and eggs so I don't have to worry about cross contamination. I also love using them when my children are sick so I can give a quick wipe down to the things they touch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are what I use most frequently. I find them useful for just about everything. I keep a container on every floor. I've been using Clorox products for as a long as I can remember. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes - they are in my car the kitchen in the bathroom and near the fridge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Clorox because they work great on all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a toddler son and Clorox wipes have become a staple in my household. I keep a container in my bathrooms, kitchen and car because my toddler explores the world with his mouth and the Clorox wipes are convenient and disinfects with one wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE! My Clorox wipes! Especially for easy clean up, disinfecting and my stainless steal appliances! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this daily! I can't live with out my Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Lysol Disinfecting Wipes daily in our classrooms. We clean the tables and countertops in the classroom. When done , we throw away the wipe. How clean and easy! By the way, the wipes has a nice clean, fresh sent! Thank Clorox!', {'entities': [(229, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband teases me that I should buy stock in Clorox because I use so many disinfecting wipes over the course of a week. They are wonderful for cleaning my kitchen surfaces and bathrooms. The lemon smell is pleasant, but not too overwhelming. This is a product I will continue to rely on to keep my house clean. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We keep the Clorox wipes handy in the kitchen and bathroom. Use them for quick clean ups and daily counter wipe downs. He lemon ones smell fresh without overpowering bleach. Also think using them cuts down on germs!', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for almost any type cleanup. I use in the kitchen as well as in bathrooms. I did not think I would like them but I will have to say that I was wrong because after using them they are my favorite !', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently used Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) around my house. The wipes were convenient and easy to use. I wiped down the coffee table, kitchen table, door knobs, refrigerator stove to disinfect my house after 3 sick children went to bed. I love the Clorox smell but these wipes left my house lemon fresh at the end of the night! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes handy at all times. They are great, they work well, and are soooo convenient!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('like Clorox for years my mon used it for years Thank you This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell . Clorox is the only disinfecting wipes I use in my house. It a product I trust This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are an easy access when I need to clean up a quick mess. For example, my boyfriend decides to shave his beard before guest arrive... I can quickly clean up his mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products, our household could not survive without them. Since I have a child disinfecting is a big deal in our house and the main products I use daily! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox products for many years. I have not been disappointed yet! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because it makes it easy to keep things disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the best for wiping down things that you know are dirty and see the evidence. That is reassuring to me that they are doing there job: Cleaner and disinfector This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox products are very good quality products, easy to use, affordable and works well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Who can live without Clorox I Love Clorox! It is a powerful cleaning solution that whitens, removes stains, disinfects and deodorizes. Every house whole should have them in their home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Wipes! Its so easy to grab one and clean up a small mess or just make sure an area is sanitized. With kids they are wonderful. I keep packs in the diaper bag for those shopping cart handles and anything else little hands can't avoid touching. I use them everyday and couldn't imagine not having them. Thanks for the wonderful product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used Clorox wipes for a very long time and are so happy with how well they work and how easy they are to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is great and easy to use - cleans, smells great, and does the job right. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They are super easy to use, so I always keep them in the bathroom and in the kitchen, so that i can be ready at all times to clean up a mess when it happens! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! Quick and easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best bleach for sanitizing your whole household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are the best, easiest way to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes several times a day to disinfect the kitchen and bathrooms during cold and flu season. They are convenient and disposable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfectant wipes around my house daily. I have a little one under one, and she likes to get her hands on everything. I take comfort in knowing my home is clean and germ free when I use the wipes! The container is easily accessible and ready whenever I need to grab a wipe quickly. They have a fresh, clean scent. I will always have Clorox wipes in the house. I never want to run out!- This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox's Disinfecting Wipes because they make clean up a breeze. Work smarter, not harder! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go to cleaner for my kitchen and bathroom. The products are convenient easy to use. Thank you Clorox for providing your consumer with awesome products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the scent of the Clorox lemon disinfecting wipes because they leave my kitchen smelling so lemony clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox wipes...I feel confident that the area I am cleaning is disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes cleans better than other(s) cleaners...less grease and grim and smells better than competitors cleaning wipe products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so easy to use for most all messes. I know that after I have used them I have cleaned the area and sanitized at the same time and I look forward to the refreshing scents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience and effectiveness of Clorox Wipes. I use them often during cold and flue season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are so convenient! I keep one canister in my car, one in each bathroom, one in the kitchen...and I regularly give them to teachers for holiday gifts! They're always appreciated! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes has helped me keep up with three boys, they are easy to open wipe and throw away! PLUS I feel like I'm protecting my family from germs at the same time. I love the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and they work wonderfully This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. Clorox wipes are handy to use all of the house especially during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these several times a day as a stay at home mom on anything from my toddlers high chair to my counters to my toilet. I use them everywhere! I'm not really a clean freak but I love how Clorox Wipes make me feel like everything is clean and is so easy to use. I just grab one, wipe whatever it is I feel needs cleaned, and throw away. I'm obsessed! Not sure what I would do without these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(190, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I luv Clorox wipes..I keep these behind our toilet, have trained our 6 yr old to wipe dn the seat every time..Wow, my bathroom stays clean fresh smelling..Its so good to know that all germs are being taken care of all during tha day!! THANK U CLOROX!!!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this Clorox product and many others in my kitchen, dining room, bathroom on every doorknob and handle in my home. It smells great and keeps my home germ free. I reccomend these products to everybody, especially those with pets and children.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they are super convenient to use, have a fresh scent, and are a brand that I trust. I use them at home when I need to quickly and efficiently clean up my countertops or restroom sink. I don't know of any other more convenient product out there that compares to Clorox!", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes for everything I love them and will never stop using them as long as Clorox makes them!!!! A big fan of other Clorox Products as well!!!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes Lemon, no matter what kind of food my son has on his play table, all it takes is a couple of wipes and the mess is cleaned up, I also love Clorox Wipes Lemon, because my girls find it easier to clean up the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very convenient in my bathrooms and kitchen area! Always stocked with Clorox handy containers :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use Clorox. Having four kids I always have messes to clean and clorox has always been my go to cleaner. Never lets me down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes for quick cleaning jobs around my apartment. I can use them on the stove top, table, counter top, my son's high chair, and bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products they disinfect and whiten my kitchen and bathroom makes it smell clean amd fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to used Clorox spray in my kitchen specially on countertop, everyday. its easy to use and very effective. I used clorox bleech for all white laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the best! When I use them to clean, I know that what I am cleaning will be clean and safe. I wouldn't use another wipe for my disinfecting needs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Its so handy to just use a wipe and be done with it, and you know its disinfecting! :) Clorox is a name I've trusted all of my life, and doing my kids laundry and cleaning the kitchen/bath, I know I'm using a great product that works and whitens also. Clorox is a name to be trusted! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(87, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a mother of 2, I am constantly cleaning up spills and Clorox Wipes make my life so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes. They are very convenient and work extremely well. I will never run out of them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love love love all the Clorox products. Especially the wipes I can use them to clean up sticky spills or a quick wipe up around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('what a great way to disinfect your items and have a clean fresh smell! I love Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's not clean until everyone smells the bleach! Wonderful stuff, cleaning with Clorox makes me feel safe that my house is clean as well as sanitized. Germ free with Clorox! Grandmother approved, 3 generations of loyal customers. Keep it up! I want my kids, and my kid's kids to know the old Clorox-Clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are very convenient. I use them to wipe my cabinets and table in the kitchen. Also my cabinets in the bathroom. Love the Clorox wipes and do not like to run out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love Clorox. I use it on everything. I have been using it for years and years to clean family household items. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox keeps everything extra white, all products r easy to use This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are always a great deal at my local stores and they are so convenient to have on hand for just about any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. I look for products that are easy to use and get the job done in a timely manner so I can get back to my kids Clorox wipes are just that. Its fast acting, easy to use and I know whatever I use it on will be clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily to not only to freshen the bathroom but to disinfect. I love the fact that you can multi task with one product. I love the way my bathroom smells after using the wipes. Fresh and Clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With kids and dogs, I trust Clorox to do the hard work and clean up the messes they leave behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mom used Clorox as I was growing up and I have continued. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes at home and at my Job as a preschool teacher. Clorox wipes help me fight germs during cold and flu season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and convenient to keep in each bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of Clorox wipes! They are super convenient and I feel comfortable that they disinfect! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the products that Clorox makes. The products are of good value and a reasonable a price This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes at work. We use it on our computer keyboard, mouse, mouse pad, desk phones, cell phones and desktops to assist in killing germs. We also use them on our kitchen counter tops each and every day. It leaves each surface clean, and smelling great each and every time. We absolutely love all the products made by this wonderful company. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathroom and kitchen counter. Much better than spraying a liquid and wiping it off. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes make for the best after meal clean ups with 4 kids under 4 in my household these days idk what I'd do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy it is to disinfectant my counter without getting a disinfectant spray out using a cloth that may or may not be clean. Clorox wipes are so easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(134, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes for cleaning and disinfecting my countertops and stove top after cooking dinner or a large meal. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been a product used in my family a long time. My mother use to dilute the bleach with water, and I have learned that it is the ONLY product that removes stains from my counters! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best at cleaning up any small spills, wet or dry. Easy to use and helps me keep my home clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products, especially their disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my kitchen nearly every day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I keep them in my bathrooms and kitchen This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Clorox wipes on everything !!', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can always rest assured that a Clorox product will clean and disinfect the way I trust it will.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a container of Clorox wipes in nearly every room of my home. They are in both bathrooms, the kitchen, and the childrens playroom. I have been providing child care for 11 years and this is absolutely the best wipe I have ever used. I know all of the surfaces are clean and germ free for the children to touch, and in my house that's a very necessary thing! I use them for everything, and I know the areas will be clean and germ free. We rarely have any sickness in our home and I know it is in part due to the Clorox Wipes!!", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While house cleaning, I can give my sons, ages 15 20 , the canister of Clorox wipes and have them wipe down ANY surface that can be touched. They like the scent, dont complain, ( to much and the family is protected during cold and flu season. It has taught them that disinfecting things around the house, and by the way, cars, is not a difficult or time consuming task. Thanks!', {'entities': [(71, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes more than any other cleaning product out there. They are convenient and make my home smell wonderful. I use them in almost every room of the house. To top it off, once you are done using them just toss them in the trash!!! Thank you Clorox!!!', {'entities': [(252, 258, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes make everyday cleaning a snap. Great for the kitchen or the bathroom.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes with the lemon scent are a great easy way to clean most any surface when needed.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes all the time and I love how it makes my house smell nice and clean. I use the wipes in my kitchen,bthrms they are a life saver..', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family keeps Clorox wipes in every vehicle because we feel this product sanitizes better that the average hand sanitizing gels.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are a necessity in my home. I'm a mother of three children with the oldest being 6. Germs love my house so I do everything to make sure that my home is clean and sanitized. With that being said, I trust that Clorox disinfects does the job. I use it everywhere from my kitchen, to bathroom, to bedrooms to cars...", {'entities': [(214, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on every surface in my home from the kitchen to outside furniture, They work great, give me piece of mind and smell wonderful to boot! Thanks CLOROX!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They clean so well. They are so convenient and I have canisters all over my house!!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are good for disinfecting germs. They also clean soap scum, dirt, stains, etc. They are also a great value. I reccomend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a wonderful cleaner to use! It is tough on everything amd whitens everything easily and at low cost This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Wipes, makes on the go life easier when juggling cleaning and kids with the satisfaction of knowing everything is disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other wipes, but we keep going back to Clorox. It's a strong wipe that cleans, disinfects, and smells great. Excellent product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('use Clorox wipes in my kitchen everyday. love the clean fresh smell in the end!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Products.Only brand i trust and use and will recommend to anyone This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Wipes! They clean so well and work on almost everything! Thank you so much! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love using the Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes. The lemon scent smells so good when I'm cleaning my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all of Clorox products and use them daily. The wipes are great for cleaning up messes and wiping down counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product, I use it all the time on our white socks and I know the counters are clean when I disinfect with them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox wipes to clean up small mess in my kitchen and also love to use them to disinfect my bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy the Clorox wipes for my son who is in a college dorm. It is very convenient and easy to use. They are also a great value and is better than using a spray and paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are great for cleaning the stove top area and also the kitchen counters. Always keep these handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes because I can feel confident that I am disinfecting the yucky bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products, really, really gets everything clean. My clothes feel like they are super clean and always feels like they are germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox bleach gets everything I have used it for sparkling white. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a middle school teacher. My kids constantly write on my desks and now that it is flu season, they are constantly sneezing and coughing - leaving germs on their desks. I use Clorox wipes to clean off the pencil/pen marks as well as disinfect the desks. I love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(178, 184, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, keeps tables and door knobs clean of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox for quick cleaning wipe downs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy using Clorox disinfectant wipes. They are so convenient and handy in their pop-up canister. Time saver. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! I use them daily in my kitchen and bathrooms. With small children in the house, there's always a mess or germs to clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean for a couple of seniors and using Clorox Wipes makes it easier on me and disinfects at the same time. They are the only wipes that I have found that don't leave a film. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Clorox brand for over 25 years. I know that my home is safe and clean for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use clorox products in my home for all cleaning needs and disinfecting purposes, Clorox has been a household name in my family for years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are very good. I use the bleach, wipes, bathroom and kitchen cleaner, and the stain remover. I have been using Clorox products for years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cant say enough about Clorox products, I just absolutely love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing is easier than grabbing a Clorox towel and wiping off anything from grape juice to stuck on grease, Makes easy quick work out of tough jobs! Love them !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox Wipes! They make cleaning up after my 2 little ones quick and easy. I love that they disinfect to keep our home clean and germ free. I have tried other wipes and they left a residue on the surfaces, so it never felt CLEAN. Clorox Wipes don't leave a residue. THANK YOU CLOROX! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love all Clorox products! I love knowing everything is clean and no germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are good to have in the kitchen to wipe the sink. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always been a Clorox fan, especially since I got married and am now a mom-to-be. It will definitely come in handy for messy spills and stains! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a huge fan of Clorox. I love the wipes and how easy they are to clean up messes quick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox Brand cleaning products to clean, brighten and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes makes cleaning spills easy, disinfecting especially this time of the year a breeze. I use them every where. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the results of Clorox and it cleans my bathroom Kitchen!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For years, I've kept Clorox wipes in my kitchen and bathroom at home, but I recently started keeping a canister in my desk at work. They're great for quickly disinfecting the phone, keyboard, door knobs....even pens. Once I realized how infrequently the cleaning staff cleans our desks, and how often I eat lunch at my desk, I realized I needed to take matters into my own hands. I now give everything a quick wipe down at least once a day.....even more often during cold and flu season. I really like the lemon scented wipes for this task- they smell clean without smelling too much like a cleaning product. I highly recommend grabbing a few canisters to keep at work, in the car, and of course in the kitchen and bath as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There are so many reasons I love Clorox wipes. They are easy/convenient and great for almost anything. Especially when I'm washing/cooking chicken, I use these to wipe down my countertops.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product. It cleans and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very easy to use for quick cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, especially during cold and flu season. They are so convenient.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wipe down my child's toys every night. I know using my trusty Clorox wipes each toys is clean and safe for my baby to play with. I love the smell too! I clean my kitchen counters, bathroom, door knobs and everything else! I LOVE LOVE LOVE these wipes!", {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes work great! Easy to use, disinfects and kills germs, and cleans all at the same time! Love them!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so convenient for quick clean ups but that doesn't mean they aren't powerful! With the Clorox name you know you can depend on these wipes to clean up messes big and small and kill household germs, too. I use them every day in the kitchen and in the bathroom to stay on top of messes. They are also great for quickly and easily disinfecting door handles, light switches, telephones, etc. I use them just about everywhere in my house. Plus, the lemon scent is pleasant and clean smelling, not harsh. I can't say enough nice things about Clorox wipes! You will also find multiple tubs of them throughout my house.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We go through Clorox wipes like crazy!!! I have a canister in each of our 3 bathrooms at all times. I also keep travel packs in our vehicle and 1 in my purse. I always keep a canister or 2 under the kitchen sink. Sometimes I have to go look for the one under the sink because my 16 yr old son uses them to keep his tennis shoes clean: ) We couldn't live without Clorox wipes. Thank you for a great product", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes all the time in my home and at work. The wipes are convenient and have a great smell. After using the product, I am confident that the surface I cleaned is disinfected and sanitized. Thank you for a wonderful product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for those small spills and clean-up jobs. I keep a canister in the kitchen and every bathroom. Love um!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox it's a staple for all of my cleaning needs This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are great in the van where a bucket, soap and water aren't always handy for little clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are my absolute favorite tool for quick bathroom cleaning. Wiping down faucets, counters, handles, the toilet seat, EVERYTHING, with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes equals easy clean ups!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox wipes are in both bathrooms, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. We even keep a container in each car for 'just-in-case' moments. You never know when something yucky is going to happen with kids or even just out and about. There are truly a lot of bleachable moments in life and it's so much easier to have something to make that an everyday convenience. Thank you, Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox and I use it daily at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes allow me to make sure my surfaces are disinfected and it smells fresh too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so easy to use. I actually don't mind cleaning as much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the wipes! With three kids, we have a lot of messes and a lot of germs going around. I know that it will all be taken care of with the Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(140, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox cleaning products. They are a must have cleaning item in our house during cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are invaluable to have available anywhere anytime. They are excellent for spills, fingerprints, dog prints, anything you want to remove. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My house feels so clean after using Clorox wipes! I use them everywhere-kitchen, bathroom, and the living room! Especially around this time of year when it is flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mom is wheelchair bound so we(father and sisters) use Clorox wipes everywhere and boy do they come in handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am an absolute germ phob. Especially during flu season. I love love love Clorox bleach and Clorox cleaning products. My friends typically make jokes that my floors are cleaner than the hospitals. I use Clorox in my laundry, to scrub my bathroom, in my mop bucket, in my dishwasher, in my pressure washer.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love. It. I will not use any other bleaching products. I am the Clorox queen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased these wipes for the first time several weeks ago. Previosly, I used a different brand. I swear by these now. My children still got sick even after I would wipe everything down in the home. Since the switch, none of them have been sick. I love these wipes!!! Thanks Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(277, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. I use them for all of my cleaning needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like to use the Clorox wipes! They are perfect for when I am in a hurry or just have a small mess to clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I use them on everything!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of using Clorox wipes. I feel confident in its cleaning and disinfecting ability. I keep them at all times! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox spray takes stains off the counter when i am canning. I also clean remote controls with the wipes. works great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the Clorox wipes are very helpful specially when you have kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! Gives me the confidence of disinfection. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are my favorite and so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love Clorox because it great to clean with it does all the things I need it to do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are great for cleaning bathroom counters, sinks, and the toilet seat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is a powerful cleaning product. You don't know clean until you use Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are awesome I keep them in the kitchen,bathroom,babys room and the car.I use them all the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes to clean my bathroom daily. I love them because it is really convenient to just pull the wipe out, do a quick wipe down then toss in the trash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I use it all the time -in the kitchen, shower, bathroom, and bedroom. I need more coupons though because it is expensive however, I pay the higher price because of the quality of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You can always cont on Clorox to cleaning everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes!!!! They are the reason we avoid the flu :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love use Clorox, all my whole life I used and I recommend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes, We use them on everything in our house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes for a quick and easy clean up. A few swipes and your done. I keep a tub in every room of the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox wipes, they are easy to use and to clean up mess. I use then in every room of my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. They're great for multi-purpose use and very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products because they disinfect and deodorizes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox Disinfecting wipes for everyday use. We always buy a few canisters at a time and send them to school with our kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes they clean well, but don't smell like chemicals. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the wipes, I bought other brand but those leave marks.. never again! Clorox cleans This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(74, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love these wipes can't go without them they really helps keep down germs I love Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox. Keeps my house smelling clean and helps sanitize. so convienent This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! It makes it so easy to clean up messes! I also use it as a stain remover on my microfiber couch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think this product is the best product that Clorox has created it is very convenient, and very easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I could not live without Clorox Wipes. I clean everything with them. they are much more convienient and healthy than a dish rag or sponge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust the Clorox line of products. Love the wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great trusted brand I know I can depend on! I know my house will be clean and help protect from children from germs when I use the disinfecting wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes have so many uses around the house. Whether it's in my kitchen, laundry room, bathroom or even car, I trust Clorox to clean and disinfect dirty areas. Love this product and continue to purchase over and over again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are so easy to use very handy. I use them to disinfect all of the door handles, knobs, faucets, toilet surfaces, even my cell phone! I rarely get sick, always recommend them to family members who have children. They work great!! Thank you, Adriana This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and great for cleaning! I keep them in my car for spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox disinfecting wipes, especially during this crazy flu season, it really eases my mind knowing I can easily disinfect every surface in my house. Aside from trying to eliminate germs, I love wiping my counters down after handling raw meat, even if it doesn't visibly get on the counter, still eases my mind to wipe them down and eliminate any bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they are so convenient cleaning up after my kids. I know that the wipes keep away the germs and clean up messes wonderfully! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are inexpensive and cleans very well especially small spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love to use the Clorox wipes. Very easy to just grab and wipe. I always have them handy in the washroom, laundry room and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox product help make my Saturday cleaning easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox works great it is the best product. I can never get tired of it. I use it constantly in my bathrooms, kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! I use them for everything. They just always seem to clean, deodorize and disinfect every surface I use them on (better than any other brand that I have tried). This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to use Clorox in my house. It smells nice and cleans good and fast. Not long ago I tried wipes from another company, but they smelled bad and my hands had this smell for a while. I came back to Clorox.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes because they make sanitizing your household quick and easy.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Your Clorox disinfecting wipes work excellently. One side is rough the other smooth. They pull out tear much easier, compared to other similar brands.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in every room of my house. They are easy to use and effective against germs and dirt.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love that these are so quick and easy! I grab one, wipe away the germs and then pitch it in the garbage!! And I know that it is clean!!! Thanks Clorox!!', {'entities': [(146, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes ALL the time on everything! I love the smell and that they kill bacteria! I always have them on hand and if I don't I feel lost.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the clorox wipes for everything that has a surface in the kitchen and bath. It leaves everything smelling fresh and clean. Clorox bleach has been my favorite for many years it has so many different purposes.', {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox product!! help me to keep the house clean and germs out of the home .', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One of the best features of the Clorox wipes, is the convenience of using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox disinfecting wipes for cleaning up those little messes. They are easy to use and disinfect. We keep them in every room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I use it everyday to clean my house. I would definitely recommend to other people I know! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son is in college and they seem to get sick a lot. We started using the Clorox wipes in his dorm room and he's one of the few that hasn't been sick since. Not only do they clean but the also keep people healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a total fan of Clorox. I think the name is a strong leader in the cleaning arena and I trust that it will do what it says it will do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes when I need a quick disinfecting clean. I have a bottle in each bathroom, laundry room and kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox products as a way to get rid of harmful germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love just being able to quickly clean my bathroom counters and kitchen counters with the Clorox wipes! I know Clorox disinfects and I feel confident my house is clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("From cleaning kitchen counters to doorknobs to bathrooms, this does it all. Leaves surfaces spotless, beautiful, and smelling great. I wouldn't recommend any other brand. For a quick, easy, sparkling clean Clorox wipes are the way to go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(206, 212, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all Clorox products, especially the wipes I have 4 little ones and its very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other brands, and they do not hold up like Clorox brand. It always gets the job done the first time. Thanks!", {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My kindergarten Sunday School students help me clean up with Clorox Wipes every Sunday. I love that it does such a great job killing germs while being safe enough for young children to use.', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are handy to have around for quick clean-ups if you know someone is stopping by... I just run around the bathrooms and the kitchen and in five minutes everything is sparkling. I always have some in my closet.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My kitchen counters shine when I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes and I have confidence that they are clean. Also, I was pleasantly surprised that they also make my faucets sparkle!', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are fantastic. They are quick and easy to use, make me and my family feel safe, and leave my kitchen smelling great and looking fresh and clean.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can not tell you how many times I have wiped up a mess...Only to come back and whipe them with Clorox for a better smelling clean and knowing it is Disinfecting Clean. Thank You For all you all do.', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes and use them all around the house. I trust this product will keep buying it.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love this product it smells great , cleans and disinfects we,ll I have tried other products but always come back to Clorox wipes', {'entities': [(123, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Since I started potty training with my 2 year old twin I am glad to have the convience of a disinfecting clean after BMs. Clorox wipes are the only thing I trust and reach for.', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for everything! I travel with the wipes for hotel bathrooms. I clean with the wipes. I will forever be a customer!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use the Clorox wipes for my kitchen, bathrooms and I also use it to clean my little guys tray on his stroller.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox wipes since they hit the market. I will not use any other brand or off brand. Nothing stands up to the name.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to say...1 on the list for using at work would be the incredible disinfecting qualities...When working with a group of people and someone has signs of sickness coming on sneezing, coughing etc. we wipe down keyboards, desktops, kitchen area, door nobs...you name it. not only is it disinfecting but leaves a clean fresh scent...Thanks Clorox )', {'entities': [(342, 348, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So convenient and easy to use. I use them in bathrooms and kitchen almost daily! I love Clorox wipes!', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they clean well and are convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like Clorox products. I have been using them for over 25 years. I will definitely recommend them to my family and friends This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't like to clean, but I know it has to happen. Clorox Disinfecting Wipes not only cleans but disinfects. This makes cleaning a chore no more! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes. The wipes are already filled with disinfectant and I just have to wipe, no need for sprays and paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are so convenient for disinfecting when you have a toddler in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best for disinfecting everything,they are so convient to use,they are great,I highly reccommend them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are so simple to use and I use them on a daily basis. With three messy kids in the house Clorox wipes especially help me with quick clean ups! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the brand I trust the most when cleaning up after my 14 month old son the wipes are great for his to toys high chair and even the future. I love how clean everything smells after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. Very convenient especially with a house full of kids running around making messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. They are very convenient to access and clean up messes made by my one year old. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! They are so convenient and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The answer is no! With Clorox disinfecting wipes you not only get that easy feeling of the trusted name brand but you are put to ease knowing that all germs in every room (and objects) are covered. From a spill to disinfecting baby toys, Clorox is the name I trust to kill every germ in my house....and then some! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox in Every Room of my house. From the bathroom to the ceiling fans in my bedroom, these wipes are awesome! The scent isn't too overpowering and they're not rough on your hands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox had been in my family for years. I grew up on Clorox. I love now how the have the wipes. Very easy to use and I am able to teach my children how to clean with wipes. Thanks Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They are so convenient to use and I can clean almost anything with them.. it also makes me feel better using something that disinfects considering I have a toddler This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are a quick easy way to clean and disinfect just about anything: countertops, door handles, light switches, etc. They also are great for making faucets sparkle! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox disinfecting wipes for everything! I've tried other brands of disinfecting wipes but none are as good as Clorox. I love them, and I don't know how I ever cleaned prior to them!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes (Fresh) for several surfaces in my home and I feel confident in knowing that not only are the surfaces clean, but it also makes my home smell fresh and clean.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox cleaners keep my kitchen and bathrooms clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products and would have it no other way This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes handy for quick cleaning. Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox it's a staple for all of my cleaning needs This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fresh smell with Clorox disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product. I have been using Clorox for many years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes. It works for my busy life with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all Clorox products to keep my home clean and germ-free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday. They are great for a quick cleanup! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these lemon Clorox wipes I use them everyday and they are great!', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love disinfecting wipes! It's so much better than using a yucky sponge... I've always used Clorox bleach for my whites, so naturally, that's the brand I trust for disinfecting my stove, countertops, sinks, walls, tables... and everything else in my house. I trust Clorox to disinfect my house. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(93, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is excellent for cleaning. I highly recommend it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox products and use them all over my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my go-to for easy cleanup in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all Clorox products. Keeps our family free from germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have literally tried all the wipes out there and I have come to the conclusion that Clorox wipes are simply the best. They do not have an overwhelming smell like most wipes. They clean everything and make everything sparkle and when you are done, everything SMELLS clean as well as look it. Amazing.', {'entities': [(86, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cleans great and smells so good! We love Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes in all areas of my home and car. No other products can match the cleaning power and smell of this product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are wonderful for those messes that that little ones can make anywhere! It is quick and easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products! They are a part of my daily cleaning routine. I love how they clean and also their fresh scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox helps keep the germs at bay while giving our home a long lasting clean feel. Having Clorox around makes clean up quicker. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes - they do a great job disinfecting my kitchen, bathroom, dining room, den, everywhere in the house.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Wonderful products! I have two small children who are always making a mess. Clorox products save my house from disaster! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When choosing disinfecting wipes I always choose Clorox.This is the name I trust to et stains out anywhere in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best wipes ever. Not only do i use them in my kitchen but my bathroom and all about the house. The lemon smell, smell great and it gets the job done. Thanks Clorox for putting out such an outstanding product', {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are the only brand I trust! Typically I am all for buying store products, but I refuse to skimp on these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the best at keeping things clean and smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox! I couldn't imagine my household without it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox brand for my bleaching/.disinfecting needs. Works great and leaves my house smelling clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('THIS IS A MUST! I Love Love Love CLOROX!! at all time in ALL seasons. Clorox wipes are convenient and gets the job done by disinfecting, and deodorizing. I live by Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product , it not only cleans but disinfects everything from cleaner tops to bathroom fixtures, i have to keep Clorox wipes in every room in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes. I know my counters will be disinfected and they're so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hi I love Clorox wipes, they make my job easier in my home and they are just the right price This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Clorox because of its disinfecting capabilities, but the lemon wipes leave a nice smell, which is a bonus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox. I put it in a spray bottle with water and begin cleaning my house. I love to smell the scented one on my clothes. when I am in the bed I love to smell my sheets when they have just been washed that same day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Talk about a multi-tasking clean-it-all. Our Clorox Disinfecting Wipes remove germs, bacteria, kitchen grease, and countless other nasties you find lurking in your home. Thats multi-surface and multi-mess, all in one wipe This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes is the best thing when it comes to cleaning the bathroom. It smells so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my favorite Disinfect. I love to wash my whites and clean my bathroom. This is an awesome buy and will make a great gift for christmas to pass aroud to family members. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy using Clorox products. I know that my home is getting clean when I use Clorox. I love the Clorox wipes the most because they are so convenient right there at my fingertips whenever I need them and I know they are killing the disease causing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 14 year old son is a walking mess maker. Having the Clorox wipes around makes clean up simple, quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Wipes. They are so convenient. I can take the package with me when I stay in a hotel, to wipe down common surfaces that I'm sure housekeeping isn't disinfecting. There are so many germs and I have a compromised immune system, so I have to be careful about them. I don't want to live in a world that doesn't have Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like keeping a container of Clorox wipes in every bathroom. I feel like I can reach for one whenever I need to freshen up the bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE the Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them everyday in my kitchen and bathroom! They are a godsend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox for a very long time, wouldn't use any other product This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great to take with you on trips as they are handy in the car, for spills, clothes, hotel rooms, etc. Helps to remove stains and they are easy to use. Love the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep a container of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) in each of our bathrooms. It's so easy to quickly clean up each day, and know that dirt AND germs are gone.", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the way it Cleans! I have severe arthritis for years and using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes helps make the cleaning around the house much easier and knowing it is cleaning bacteria is a plus. Thank you for providing this product!', {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Clorox Disinfecting wipes they work better than any other disinfecting wipes that I have tried. They make cleaning faster and easier!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are so easy to access. I just open the lid, pull out a wipe (with gloves on) and wipe. I use it on almost everything in my house. I also keep one in my car just in case. The wipes also smell great. I love Clorox products!!', {'entities': [(215, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the only thing I use to clean bathrooms and kitchen counters. I know that they're defnitely cleaning. And I love the clean smell of the Fresh disinfecting wipes.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I currently work in a school system and clorox wipes help keep the germs down in my room. I wipe down tables, door handles, and toys. Thank you Clorox for helping keep my school healthy!!', {'entities': [(144, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the smell. Love the cleaning power. It's a fabulous product. I've tried others, but always come back to Clorox wipes!", {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox wipes to disinfect areas my bathroom and kitchen. I am susceptible to illness and it is very important to protect as much as possible against germs that cause illness. I need a disinfectant wipe that will help protect my home and feel that Clorox Wipes does the job!', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The ONLY wipes that I use! Clorox is the best, hands down! They are super moist, have a soft side, and a grooved side and get the job done right! I use them on a daily basis to keep my home clean!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep a tub of Clorox wipes in every bathroom, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. It is so easy to pop the top, pull out a fresh disinfecting wipe and swipe away the days messes.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this everywhere in my home. I keep one bottle in each of my bathrooms and kitchen. Use it on my counters after cooking. I don't use any other brand then Clorox.", {'entities': [(159, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lemon Clorox Wipes smell awesome and makes everything seem clean.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With Clorox wipes you can just wipe the mess away. Even easier than using a paper towel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! They are so handy to keep around for easy clean ups in a pinch! No hassels. Just easy to clean up and throw away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used other brands of bleach wipes in the past, but none smell as good as Clorox and don't seem to ever clean as well! These are great for use int he kitchen and in the bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go to product. When i use Clorox, I can know without a doubt that my family will be safe from germs and any harmful bacterias. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my home and in my classroom at school. The quality has always been good. I also use the toilet cleaning products and have been very pleased with the outcome of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are super convenient and a great cleaning option. This is our go to product for quick cleanup of messes and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Super easy to use! Knowing it's Clorox, I know it'll clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are Awesome!!! These wipes are a must have around my house and on the job. They are so easy to use that my daughter can grab one out and help me clean. At work when I get paint on my hand and can't run to the sink , I just wipe my hand with one and it removes every spec. Thanks Clorox for an awesome product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox with everything. This product disinfects while cleaning and giving a great smell. Keep up the good work :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox product. My favorite product are the wipes. I keep one in my kitchen and one in my bathroom for quick cleanups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Wipes! They are convenient for on the go and perfect for when you have young children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always prefer Clorox products - I take their portable disinfecting wipes when I travel so I can wipe everything down when I sit down on the plane! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox whips for all my every day clean ups,so conveinent This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox bleach is the best cleaner out there! When I want to know that something is clean, I can count on Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox bleach, it always gets my whites so new looking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('as the main cleaner in my household, I love using Clorox products from the kitchen to the bathroom. everything I need to keep my house clean comes from the Clorox family! love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just purchased a new stainless steel gas stove and I had no idea the cleaning time I was going to have to put into it to keep it looking nice. Clorox wipes make cleaning up the mess much easier and is a true time saver! I don't have to worry about a spray getting into the gas nozzles, I just grab a wipe and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(145, 151, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always love this product and off brands cannot match Clorox!!! Will always use Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best product for cleaning. other brands just cant get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love that I can carry with and use instantly Clorox wipes to help my family stay healthier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Disinfecting wipes are very easy to use! Leaves a good clean smell after each use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox disinfecting wipes. With three pets and our second baby on the way, we love the convenience and quality of Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i like Clorox wipes I use it to clean my kids toys and to wipe down my kitchen tops. I also use it to clean my bathroom it cleans it and make it smell good This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox Disinfecting wipes! They make cleaning so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes and fully trust that they will disinfect whatever I am cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With two little ones running around the house, I am always cleaning up something. Clorox products are a big help! I use the Clorox wipes multiple times a day, from wiping up after meals, cleaning spilt milk, or just wiping down counters when i have a chance. They make cleaning up so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(82, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love every Clorox product that I try! It's a brand I trust completely. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have Clorox wipes on every floor of our house and bathroom. They are easy to use, especially for my 10 year old son so that he is able to pitch in around the house with cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products. Never have to worry about not getting things clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this product everyday at home and in the classroom. These wipes are purfect for cleaning up after children. Whether it's after brushing their teeth or markers on the table tops Clorox wipes can handle it all.", {'entities': [(183, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For as long as I can remember there has alwyas been a form of Clorox in the kitchen. The wipes are one of our family's favorite products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(62, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for the car to clean off the steering wheel and keep it sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best cleaner ever. Your house is not disinfected until you have used Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes because they are so easy to use and can clean almost any stain. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i Love Clorox. Reliable brand and easy to use. I love especially the wipes. no hassle , just wipe and go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox because I know that when I finish, the job is done and my house is not only clean, but sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i absolutely love the Clorox wipes. the smell is just right, not over powering in the lemon or bleach scent. the kids love using them to wipe there toys and desks too. family friendly and fun way to clean when you have little ones This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes on everything in my house, after use I feel so much cleaner and sanitized.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for a variety of purposes - wipe down handles and knobs, counters,and baby toys. I never hand the toy back to my baby immediately. I usually clean during nap time or at night.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these and the fresh scent! I've used a few other brands before because they were on sale, but I am NOT satisfied. I've been using the other brands just until the run out, and they do NOT work as well and they smell AWEFUL! Stick to the Clorox brand!", {'entities': [(243, 249, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a small child in my home and using Clorox wipes to make sure the house is clean and disinfected makes my life a whole lot easier.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Easy to use,convenient packaging and always a great value.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes, I use them all over my home and what I like about them is they don't leave a film behind.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convience of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh)! The smell is not overwhelming, and it makes it so easy to clean surfaces. I keep one container of wipes in each bathroom, and one in my kitchen. It makes it easy to keep my home fresh, clean, and disinfected. Thank you Clorox for this great product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for a quicky clean up! Gets everything disinfected and smelling clean for those unexpected guests!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes were great to use. Worked wonderful in my kitchen to clean everything. I will be using these alot more.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes in my kitchen! I wipe my counters, microwave, fridge, and stove daily with a wipe(s), and feel that I am helping to keep my family healthier. I also use these wipes on doorknobs and light switches. They are wonderful!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome product.. Clorox is better than any product out here This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep our college-age son well-supplied with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are perfect for both bathroom and kitchen use and a 'must have' when four young men are sharing common spaces to keep germs at bay! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is amazing product! I use a major part of all their products, because I trust in all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox because I know it will kill all germs that are in my home. I also love Clorox bleach because it brightens all over whites, it cleans my house very well! Keep up the great work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are great in a pinch. Don't have to lug out all my cleaning stuff. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('great product! Highly recommend Clorox wipes for anyone with young children! Easy clean up This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox because its always dependable cleaning and disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Clorox products to disinfect my entire home, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes because it kills germs and it very easy to use. And I also use Clorox clean up for everything also tthey have great products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried other brands of disinfecting wipes other than Clorox. They just don't get the job done as well as Clorox. They are easy to used and great for all around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(59, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox wipes for everyday cleaning. Easy for wiping and disinfecting all touchable surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find that nothing cleans and disinfects like Clorox. The store brand doesn't do the job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for multiple uses in my home. It works great in the kitchen and even my little girls can help with clean up. I clean my stove top and it really gets through the grease and build up. My girls like to wipe the cabinets down and little do they know, they are getting the job done with the wipes. I also clean my floors with the wipes. I clean my bathroom floor on my knees and it helps me to get all the corners and edges perfectly. We also use the Clorox wipes on more appliances in the home, such as the fridge, washer, dryer and microwave. The wipes are my saving grace! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes more than any other product in my home. I just pull out a wipe and it cleans and disenfects just like that!! They are wonderful for cleaning up messes behind small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There is nothing as quick or as simple to use as Clorox Disinfecting wipes, to clean up messes quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes! I use them at home and at work! Convenient and cleans Great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A teaching friend of mine told me that what she really wished her students would bring her for Christmas gifts this time of year is actually Clorox wipes! We use them at home almost every day and keep a canister in every bathroom and under the kitchen sink. So easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(141, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are so convenient I use them all the time around the house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the Clorox wipes, because I have three small children who loves to play in dirt, plants and bring all there little germs in the house I use the Clorox wipes on everything even there toys. I have noticed since I have been purchasing the wipes my babies aren't catching common colds or viruses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best disinfecting agent there is.. When you use clorox you already know its clean I love clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I could not live without my Clorox Wipes!! I am a germaphobic and work in healthcare! I love to be able to pop one out and wipe everything down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are my go to cleaning wipes in the bathroom. I am a Mom to 4 boys... who can never seem to hit the toilet. I keep Clorox wipes near the toilet at all times to clean up those little messes. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Wipes are a must have with any household. Whether it's kids, pets, friends over for the game, or a night of home cooking, Clorox Wipes make cleaning convenient. Because the wipes are a Clorox product, I know that I have a product that works with ease every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Lemony smell and the effectiveness of Clorox wipes. The off-brand just doesn't work as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! It's so convenient to grab one to clean up messes and, they smell so fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wiped for everything even to pick up my dogs poo. having a puppy is hard so they help with the messes he leaves behind This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for cleaning and disinfecting all at once. This product is convenient and sanitary. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('my kitchen and bathroom have the best smell in town after I have cleaned with my lemon scented Clorox wipes! they are so easy to use and I love to have them at my desk at work during the germ season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to use the Clorox wipes in my kitchen. These are also very handy to have in the bathroom to clean the counter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We use Clorox wipes for everything - bathroom, kitchen, kid's play area, etc. All of the scents are great, but I LOVE the Fresh scent the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes especially now during cold and flu season. Keeps my home smelling clean Disinfeccted. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only do I use Clorox wipes to clean counters, walls, the fridge, I also use them to clean the floor in small areas such as the bathroom. So convenient.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes for disinfecting the kitchen and all over our home. The lemon has great scent in the kitchen and keeps everything clean!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't think Clorox pushes this product enough! I keep a container in almost every room of the house. Makes it so easy to keep a clean, healthy, sweet smelling home. Along with obvious kitchen and bath surfaces, I run a cloth over woodwork, picture frames, door knobs - virtually every surface in my house! So quick, so easy, Get the word out there!!!!", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the Clorox wipes. I literally use them every day for my kitchen as well as doorknobs, etc. to kill germs!', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes makes my cleaning so easy. From small spills or big disinfecting cleaning jobs these wipes are very helpful. I use these wipes in every room, my car, and at work at my desk.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on a daily basis. They disinfect, clean, and smell fresh. One of my favorite cleaning products.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting wipes, because I can use it anytime and quickly. I don't need to grab, use and rinse a sponge. I like to have one in every room. My favorite place is the bathroom. As soon as I'm done for the day I wipe my sink and the surroundings clean. I love it!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes provides excellence in cleaning your home or office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for quick clean ups. I keep them in the car, kitchen, bathroom, and baby room. I love the convenience and how effective they are! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes because I get sick often and have a toddler. It's quick and easy to wipe all our surfaces down until I get better to do deep cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. They are handy while disinfecting and Deodorizing. We always use these in our house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. They work well and are a good value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox products all the time! The wipes are great for messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes because they are very convenient for all levels of mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been using Clorox products since I was a little girl,my mom always had a bottle on hand. When I got married in the 80's This is my disinfectant of choice,also laundry does a fantastic job of cleaning my whites and also my colors.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all things Clorox!! I use Clorox to disinfect around my home!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox wipes are an excellent product. I can use them with confidence and know that what I am cleaning will be thoroughly cleaned and sanitized when I use them. They are convenient to use and great quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they are my favorite thing to clean with! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes always work well when cleaning around the house.They are great for messes that my children make. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily on my door knobs and surfaces. They are excellent and very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes because they get the job done and they are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I uses Clorox wipes because they easily clean up after my two little girls. This includes the high chair table! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. I use them at home and my office for disinfecting everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell and the way all Clorox products work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the ease of taking the to go packs with me any where I go. When we go on vacation, I wipe everything down with a Clorox wipe before anyone is allowed to touch anything or unpack anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(118, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Clorox because I know it's a product I can trust. It sanitizes and lets me know my family is free from germs. The fresh scents keep my home smelling good and the powerful bleach gets and keeps my whites looking their best. In my opinion this is the best product to use around the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've enjoyed using this product for years. Clorox is a brand I turn to because I know it will clean up any mess from food to drinks to bathroom messes! It maintains a great value while keeping the same standards of cleanliness! Thanks for such a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes! They get the job done every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product. It has many uses including outdoor and indoor. I have used this product for many years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a teacher and I love to use Clorox wipes to keep my classroom clean and germ-free. Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Wipes. They're so convenient. Instead of getting a cloth, applying water, applying soap, wringing it out, wiping down the counter, rinsing the counter...all I have to do is pop the lid, pull out a wipe and wipe the area. Then I'm done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes, because they are practical and clean and deodorizes really good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Wipes on just about everything my kids touch. They are so easy to use and I know that I am not only removing any dirt or stains, but I am also disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great Product.. easy to use smells clean and if it is Clorox it has to bee good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I been around Clorox products since i can remember. My mother used them to do all type of cleaning. At first the odor seemed a little strong for me as a kid but now with all these new odor senses i love them! I have my kid now and i wouldn't trade Clorox products for anything. Easy to use for deep cleaning. YaquelinV This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been purchasing Clorox products for years. I love the disenfecting wipes because they are so convenient and easy to use to clean up around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great products! Keep the house clean from germs an viruses. Will always use Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have used Clorox for years.. Would not use anything else!! EVER!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the power of Clorox and how it removes stains from clothes.It not only freshens things up,but it also cleans it as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so easy to use -- love that they disinfect too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Wipes are great for clean-up jobs that cannot be completed with a sponge, such as the computer keyboard and mouse. It's important to clean these items thoroughly, as they are often the most used, and most germ-filled items in the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes makes it so easy to clean. I use them everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great disinfectant and helps protect my family during sickly outbreaks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has amazing products but my favorite are the Clorox Wipes. It makes cleaning super convenient and fun! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I would absolutely recommend Clorox products! I've used them in my home for years! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes on my counter tops its an easy clean and it disinfects at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products. Makes my house feel and smell so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using these Clorox wipes! I use then to clean all different rooms in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the scent and ease of use of the Clorox Lemon Wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes would be 100 wonderful if they would come in a more convenient to use canister, such as a baby wipe style. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products to clean my kids toys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The best and easiest way to clean up messes and disinfect at the same. The Clorox brand wins! . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love all the Clorox disinfecting products i use them all! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. They are so convenient to keep in the bathroom or kitchen. Just pull out, use and throw away This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always loved Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are convenient, strong and get the job done with one cloth. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't use any other cleaner or trust any other bleach to put in with my whites. Clorox just knows how to get clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(82, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are great in the van where a bucket, soap and water aren't always handy for little clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on everything but the floor and glass in my bathroom. Use it for all my coutertop surfaces too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product. It has many uses including outdoor and indoor. I have used this product for many years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I truly love using this product. I feel I am not ready for flu season until I am stocked up on Clorox! GREAT PRODUCT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! It makes it so easy to clean up messes! I also use it as a stain remover on my microfiber couch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes, especially the lemon scent. It cleans surfaces very well and is very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox lemon wipes are great in the classroom for cleaning up and stopping the spread of germs. They smell great too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox disinfecting wipes in all scents. They are so convenient and make kitchen and bathroom cleanup a breeze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox wipes for just about all my surface cleaning needs. They clean everything so nice and smell great to.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a busy mom, wife, employee and student. I love anything that helps make my time in the kitchen easier. Thanks Clorox!', {'entities': [(115, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When we travel i aways pack my Clorox Wipes to make sure where ever we stay we don't pick up germs that maybe left behind.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes work great! Easy to use, disinfects and kills germs, and cleans all at the same time! Love them!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. We use them in every room of the house, at work, and at church in the infant room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used Clorox wipes for a very long time and are so happy with how well they work and how easy they are to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The battles between the Germs and I. Germs zero and Clorox Wipes are the Winners. I love you also. My Hero's. Shirley B. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox wipes for quite a while now. I love the way they clean and disinfect. I love the lemon scent too!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are an absolute must to have around with young kids. Makes cleaning up after them easier and faster This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox because I know that when I finish, the job is done and my house is not only clean, but sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox cleaning wipes save me so much time! Thank you for making my life so much easier and giving me time to read again :)', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. They are wonderful and I could not make it through my cleaning and laundry chores without it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We use Clorox wipes everyday in our home! With kids it's a must have with every dirty things they get their hands on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes everyday for the kitchen and the bathroom. They are convenient and easy to use. Love them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean everything. It feels good to know that I am cleaning and disinfecting at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! Use them daily for all messes around my house...which is a lot with a toddler running around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are very convenient. Especially with kids and puppies and all there messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Wipes on all my surfaces at home. Especially since there is so many virus and flu going around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes for easy cleaning of the bathroom. I user it for the countertop, sink faucet and toilet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have two kids, so an easy clean up is a must. I know the Clorox wipes will get the job done - and are easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(59, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes they are convenient to use and disinfect everything. My kids can use them too they are so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having a young child, there is always a mess. Clorox wipes are always quick and easy to use, and are very affective! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is my go to cleaner with so many kids and their messes I don't have time to use something that doesn't work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been a 1 cleaning product throughout my whole life. It gets the house nice and clean. Thank you Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I know that whenever my family gets the sniffles its time to disinfect! Clorox wipes allow me to safely clean every surface This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for everyday cleaning. Great for messy spills, greasy residue on the stove and disinfecting everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('absolutely LOVE the Clorox wipes. makes life easier. they are convenient and are safe to use in a house with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my classroom and at home.. I also have both our elderly parents use them at their homes also! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have no time to spare and tons of messes with dog cat grandkids so Clorox is always with me and very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(69, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox cleans,deodorizers, disinfects and gets rid of germs.It is very convenient to use. Great for quick clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes were great to use. Worked wonderful in my kitchen to clean everything. I will be using these alot more.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox kills just about everything. I feel confident in knowing my living space is disinfected when I use Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been around a long time and they are a very reliable product. The wipes make everything quick and handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday. I have three men in the house, we always have these in the bathroom..... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox Disinfection Wipes on my toilet and they are quick to use with little kid messes in the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just love using Clorox! Such a powerful cleaning supply that actually cleans, flights germs and smell really good! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Obsessed with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! I use them everywhere (work, home, car, purse). Love the smells as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for quick and easy clean up. They will remove stains that a paper towel and spray will not. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the only one I use for making sure my bathrooms are clean to the eye and beneath the surface! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and easy. I can take them anywhere and know things can be clean and free of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Anytime I need an easy and fast helper to clean, I rely on Clorox wipes. They always do the job, every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(59, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has stood the test of time. My Mother has used this forever. My entire family still swear by this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to disinfect and clean. It is very convenient especially when cleaning restrooms and counters. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other cleaners but none can compare to the powerful cleaning and whiten you can rely on from Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(106, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Doesn't get any better than Clorox when it comes to disinfecting your home and protecting your family from germs! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox wipes in the kitchen, bathroom and laundry room as the last step in my cleaning routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! I feel confident that germs are gone and the surface is clean. I use these all over my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes is my go to cleaning wipe for the kitchen and bathroom but, I use it all through out the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is awesome to clean my house because it makes my floor look shiny and make my clothes white and perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love everything about Clorox products, the smell, the thorough cleaning it produces and the price! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love cleaning with my Clorox wipes. It makes me feel better knowing I have cleaned my countertops with Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product for all kinds of cleaning and washing. I love clorox since it makes my job more easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think Clorox is a very good product. I have used it for years and can count on it to keep my home germ free This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. They are the best when cleaning big and small jobs. They help to make my job as mom easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a brand I can trust. My mother used and her mother before that. I love there products for everyday use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 14 year old son is a walking mess maker. Having the Clorox wipes around makes clean up simple, quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox has always been the cleanest freshest product I've used and I won't clean any part of my house without it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and gets every stain out. They do not rip and smell great. An awesome value too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox wipes in all rooms my house because they are so convienent for cleaning and easy wipe upd This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes makes cleaning my granite counter tops a cinch. They do not leave streaks and they smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for every mess around the house. I have even used to clean crayon/marker off the walls. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the scent of the Clorox lemon disinfecting wipes because they leave my kitchen smelling so lemony clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! Not only because they work amazingly well but because they smell amazing too!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) in my bathrooms for cleaning and disinfecting. It leaves a fresh lemon scent.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes because they work great!! Cleans, disinfects, and very convenient. Love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox because I know when I clean with Clorox, I know that I'm sanitizing and cleaning at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of Clorox wipes. It is so much easier to just grab a wet wipe than to have to use messy sprays. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are my 1 cleaning tool. Easy to use and always does the job! I can't remember life before Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(96, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are so easy to use and still clean everything I need. Cleaning is no longer a hassle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are so easy to use and clean up almost any mess extremely quickly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are the easiest cleaning product to use. They leave everything not only clean but smelling good too.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes to clean our dispatch stations and it has really made a difference in colds and virus protection.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have 4 kids so grabbing a Clorox Wipe to quickly clean up is a life saver. Couldn't ask for a better product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy using Clorox disinfectant wipes. They are so convenient and handy in their pop-up canister. Time saver. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! They make cleaning the bathroom and kitchen so easy- especially the shower and the stove!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes because I know that they clean and disinfect my countertops, door handles, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My favorite part about using Clorox wipes is the confidence I have in how clean my home feels after using them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like to use Clorox disinfecting wipes to make sure my home is clean especially during germ season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love clorox products. The bleach is the best! I also love the Clorox wipes. Very easy and does a great job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and easy to use. I love to use them to clean kitchen counters after cooking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the disinfecting wipes by Clorox. They are easy to use and from a name you trust so you know they work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox makes everything cleaner and germ free! Just love it! Wipes are great for anything you need to sanitize! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love Clorox! My reason is simple it is a great disinfectant.. it also makes everything smell so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We absolutely love Clorox wipes. My husband is taking chemo treatments and he uses them each and every day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It seems like messes pop up when you least expect them. Its so handy to have Clorox wipes right there to help. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family LOVE the Clorox wipes. We use them throughout our household on a daily basis. We highly recommend!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live by this product!!!! There is nothing that I've found that cleans and disinfects better than Clorox!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been a great product in my household. I am a mother of two and I am constantly disinfecting things. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('you can always count on clorox for a good cleaning procuct always have depended on Clorox to get the job done!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has amazing products but my favorite are the Clorox Wipes. It makes cleaning super convenient and fun! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Fast, easy, and amazing at removing kitchen/bathroom messes! No other brand works like Clorox for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(87, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the convenience of Clorox. I also like how well they clean and make everything smell. Simply the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes for everything-the diaper bag, wiping surfaces down at home and keeping things germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox!!!! its the best cleaning product that I have found to use in my house use it everyday!!!!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox brand for my bleaching/.disinfecting needs. Works great and leaves my house smelling clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a huge fan of Clorox wipes, I use them in the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, ANYWHERE that need disinfecting', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes. They are easy to use and you can just grab one and get the mess cleaned up right away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they are easy to use and smell great, and I can take them with me anywhere I go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 2 little boys Clorox wipes are the best for cleaning up the bathroom in a hurry. I never put them away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! I feel confident that they're doing the job of disinfecting and they're very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the convenience of Clorox wipes and having the Clorox name makes me trust this will be a good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathrooms and kitchen counters. They smell great and disinfect great as well!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE using Clorox wipes. disinfected , cleans and kills germs from kitchen to bathroom. I also use them are camper.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i tried different products, the cheaper ones or more expensive ones, but nothing works better than Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely love cleaning every part of my house with your products. Nothing gets my house cleaner than Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the clean, fresh, sanitized feeling and smell Clorox leaves after I use cleaning house and on my laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(51, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox lover! I totally love the clorox wipes . Easy to use when in a hurry and I need to clean real quickly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting spray and the Clorox wipes....they help me to keep my house clean and sanitized!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tried the other brand, and there is no comparison!! Clorox wipes work better, last longer, and smell a ton better!!', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use the Clorox Wipes with the Lemon Scent. Leave my bathroom and kitchen smelling oh-so-clean and fresh!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox very powerful cleaning and it's very good in stain removers most off all the disinfecting part. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 3 kids, convenience is always a must. With Clorox, the product is for sure effective and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox brand is all I use, I am sick all the time, so I try to kill off germs. I feel Clorox keeps me safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes they make everything easy to clean! No bottle and paper towels just grab and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They come in a convenient container and are so easy to use!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the only disinfecting wipes we use to clean the bathroom counter tops and kitchen counter tops. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the only disinfecting wipes I will purchase because I am confident to have the job done This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is the only thing that leaves everything really clean and it doesn't only look clean but it IS clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of these Clorox wipes, the durability of the wipe and well it cleans. A staple in my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('for so long I have been using Clorox products I grew up using them that is all my grandmother and mother use This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i like the smell of Clorox. I use it to clean everything from the kitchen, to the bathroom, and my fridge. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox for everything- cleaning, washing, disinfecting, odorizing, etc. It's the best. I can't do without it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I trust that Clorox disinfects my home, making it healthier. It's convenient to use the wipes to sanitize. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. They're so easy to use..I feel confident that my home is clean when using Clorox wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes! Great product and I'm reassured that when I use, I am cleaning and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for families who involve children in the cleaning process! No mess and no waste!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all of the Clorox products but the wipes make It easier for my kiddos to help keep the house clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient effective. I keep a container in the kitchen every bathroom in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! So easy. No nasty wash clothes to launder just throw away the mess when you are done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox was always a staple on my mom's household cleaning list. It is as effective today as it was then. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease and convenience of Clorox wipes. They make cleaning up my kitchen and bathrooms a breeze. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best! you can safely use them anywhere, and on any surface. I always use this brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Bleach and I love the fact the packaging is smaller with the same stain fighting action!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Wipes! They are convenient for on the go and perfect for when you have young children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox disinfecting products for a while now, very seldom use other brands. Great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best. They stay moist longer than other wipes. One wipe last much longer than other brands', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i Love Clorox. Reliable brand and easy to use. I love especially the wipes. no hassle , just wipe and go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes offer a quick, convenient way to get rid of germs. Even me kids can get in on the cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox cleaning wipes are so convenient to use I keep a container in each bathroom under kitchen sink. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other brands of disinfecting wipes but always end up going back to Clorox, nothing compares! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean the messes that my dogs create, especially to clean up the dirt they drag in! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love using the Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes. The lemon scent smells so good when I'm cleaning my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the convenience of Clorox wipes for cleaning up after 3 messy boys! oops, make that 4 messy boys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE the Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them everyday in my kitchen and bathroom! They are a godsend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are extremely handy and very powerful at cleaning up little messes, as well as disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox clean-ups are GREAT! So convenient to wipe up those messes that my kids seem to leave everywhere! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely LOVE using Clorox products. (Especially the wipes.) Convenient, easy to use and disinfects! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use the Clorox wipes for everything in my home. They are especially effective for the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox because I do not have to worry about germs hanging around! Love all of the products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so easy to use and convenient. They help me to keep my house clean with a busy schedule This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because my children can use them and get a great clean without making a big mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience and effectiveness of Clorox Wipes. I use them often during cold and flue season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes on EVERYTHING!! I even keep them in my car. Not sure what I would do with out them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I need to make sure something is very clean I always chose to use Clorox. It's a name I can trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(71, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! They are so easy to use and they disinfect nasty surfaces really well! Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cant imagine life without Clorox its part of my everyday life from the to go wipes to the bleach for laudry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to disinfect high traffic areas like door knobs, light switches and faucets with Clorox Wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Clorox wipes and use them everyday to clean up any type of mess and wipe away germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell after my kitchen after using Clorox wipes on my sink and counter tops! Well worth the money!', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in everything I do. From my kitchen to the bathroom, they are awesome!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thanks for the convenience Clorox!! These are kept out in the open and are taken on the go too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox clean ups are my go to for the germiest places in my home. I can not imagine life without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I use it everyday to clean my house. I would definitely recommend to other people I know! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find the Clorox wipes very convenient and easy to use. I keep a canister under each sink in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to wipe my kitchen counter down multiple times a day and Clorox wipes make that so easy to do! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in the Bathroom. They are convenient and I am confident in their disinfecting power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Clorox bleach daily on counter tops to disinfect and in laundry (towels) to control virus germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes everywhere, but especially to clean the bathroom! They get the job done and smell amazing!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox disinfecting wipes. They kill 99 of bacteria and leaves the house fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Lemony smell and the effectiveness of Clorox wipes. The off-brand just doesn't work as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love our Clorox wipes!!! From the classroom to the kitchen, Clorox wipes are hands down our favorite. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how deep Clorox cleans, I love the smell, I love everything about it ! Especially when you have kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a quick and easy way to clean up small spills or to disinfect areas like the bathroom sink.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Products! They are affordable an convenient to use. Clorox wipes are a must have for my household! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this product for a number of years now, I have tried others but still come back to Clorox.', {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday- everywhere! They are so great to use in every room and I know that it is clean!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and great for cleaning! I keep them in my car for spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my favorite because they are sturdy and smell fresh. These are the only wipes I buy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I feel better knowing that the item i am wiping is disinfected when I use the wipes!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox will always be our go-to in our family for really tackling the dirt and making whites bright. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Clorox cleaning products, they are easy to use and I do not worry about harsh chemicals. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('IK love using Clorox Wipes in my classroom. It kills the germs and helps make my room fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes all the time and for everything and the lemon smell makes everything smell so clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other products and none compares to Clorox wipes. They smell amazing and get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('these are so easy and convenient to use and with the Clorox brand you know it does the job everytime This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! So easy to use in the kitchen or bathroom for a quick clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great! I love the way they clean, and the smell is nice too. I use them on a daily basis!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('excellent product---easy and fast! Knowing it is Clorox, I can trust that the cleaned area is disinfected.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are tough and get the job done. I love how i only need to use one wipe to clean up a big job.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried several brands, but Clorox wipes are by far the best! This scent is the best one on the market.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you need your house clean Clorox is the best choice. Disinfects and smells great. I love Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox makes is easy to clean up any mess. Not to mention the clean smell after your done cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Clorox because it is excellent for disinfecting my home, cleaning up stains and leaves a fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been used in my family for generations. It is our go to brand when it comes to cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so handy. The kids don't care a bit to help clean with something so simple to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I have small children so it is a quick and easy way for me to clean up messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a loyal customer of Clorox for years. I love the power of cleaning the products provide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox wipes! The value brands just don't compare. I will never waste my money on them again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for all of our clean up needs. They are easy and powerful cleaners. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for years. They are so convenient and great for most messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a teacher and I love to use Clorox wipes to keep my classroom clean and germ-free. Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes because they are convenient, a powerful cleaning agent as well as disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They clean so well. They are so convenient and I have canisters all over my house!!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my favorite cleaner. It is convenient, and I am confident that it disinfects well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in the bathroom daily. With 15 grandchildren and 5 pets they are a life saver! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes because they are so convenient but I also know it's getting the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes clean great! I never worry about things being clean and germ free when I use them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! They're easy for a quick clean-up. I especially use them in the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using this product because I feel that the counters are much more clean when using Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(90, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes for use in my bathroom! They smell great and I can quickly wipe up the sink everyday.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. They are so easy to use for quick clean up jobs . You just grab them and go!!!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for my car. These wipes work the best comparing the other brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! Im confident that whatever I use Clorox on leaves it smelling good and germ free :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Wipes make it easy to clean and toss. With the name like Clorox you can guarantee it disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Lemon Wipes cleans up tough messes and leaves everything with a wonderful citrus scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a mother of 2, I am constantly cleaning up spills and Clorox Wipes make my life so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox products! Great cleaning products that disinfect as well. Smells clean and fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy it is to keep my family healthier by using Clorox wipes! Simple and convenient!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(59, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great for disinfecting any area. With cold and flu season in full effect, Clorox is a must have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(74, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes and clean up and the regular bleach. I would highly recommend it to anyone!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Love it! I need it! What else can I say If it isn't cleaned with Clorox then it isn't clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE all Clorox wipes, I use them everywhere! I don't know how I cleaned before I started using these!", {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes and use them all around the house. I trust this product will keep buying it.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am constantly reaching for my Clorox wipes to clean up the messes of my families everyday life! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are so easy to use and convent to keep in the kitchen to disinfect surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is my go to brand. I'm obsessed with the wipes. Cleaning with Clorox is simple and safe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products! My mother and grandmother always used them and I do too. Love the stuff! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('luv Clorox products. really enjoy using the Clorox products for smell and the way it disinfects This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. iS EASY TO USE AND MAINTENCE CLEAN TOYS AND ALL THINGS WHAT THE BABY USE This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The best and easiest way to clean up messes and disinfect at the same. The Clorox brand wins! . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a convenient and easy way to spot clean while also killing bacteria and germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfectant Wipes because it is a great sanitizer for wiping the toilet seats. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have white counter tops and they stain easy, almost nothing works better than Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have tried all of the competitors wipes, and nothing works as good as Clorox Wipes! The best wipe out there!', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My kids use Clorox wipes to clean their bathroom weekly. Very easy to use and they work great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean my restrooms and countertops throughout the house. Gotta have them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are one of the best inventions ever. I use them at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox Wipes! They not only disinfect but also leave my house smelling clean! Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox wipes! It makes wiping down the counters to wiping down the toilets quick and easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great for spot cleaning and cleaning up after small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Best product for the awful job of cleaning the bathroom. Clorox has a product for everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have Clorox wipes easily accessible! I have them under the kitchen and bathroom sinks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the easiness of Clorox wipes. I can disinfect the whole house and my kids can help also This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a staple in my household! They have many uses making them worth every penny. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes and keep them in every room of the house and around my office at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love to use Clorox products in the bathroom, especially since I am potty training my daughter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is one of the most powerful kitchen wipes. Especially since the new grease formula. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love, love, love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes!! They are my go to tool for everyday cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes, they are so convenient and always clean up any mess that I throw at them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox Products because I KNOW When I use them,, I WON'T Have to use ANYTHING ELSE!!!.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes constantly! Great for cleaning up my child's messes and killing germs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes is the best thing when it comes to cleaning the bathroom. It smells so clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Love Clorox Wipes and can't live with out them ,with 3 small kids and a dog I use them every day.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a fan of all Clorox products. I love the cleanliness of my home after using the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having kids mean having big messes. Clorox wipes are so easy to use, I always have them in my home.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have a new puppy and the lemon scented Clorox Wipes are perfect to handle those little messes!', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. Its good for disinfecting everything from door knobs to counter tops. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products always do the job. I love that clean smell you get when using these products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to keep Clorox wipes on my kitchen counter to quickly sanitize whenever I need to! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i absolutely love Clorox products! It's the only thing I do not use replacement products for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product! I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes daily and highly recommend them to others. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes! Especially now that I have a two year old running around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are right at your fingertips. Not only do they clean, but disinfect as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always great in the kitchen and bathroom! So Convenient and I always trust the Clorox Brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox products! Can't go wrong - been around for years and they will continue to be :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They are easy to use, lemon scent smells great and they are convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The lemon Clorox wipes are the greatest, love them for the fresh citrus smell that it leaves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the only product for disinfecting your home and leaving it clean and smelling great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are the vest for my little ones messes!!! I have tried other brands and Clorox is the best!!', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As far back as I can remember Clorox has always been a part of my family's cleaning regiment. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes all the time for cleaning up and to disinfect during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all Clorox products, especially the wipes I have 4 little ones and its very convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox products all my life I recommend to all my family friends to also use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox. The smell of beach is just amazing. If it's not Clorox it just isn't clarn This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always used Clorox and I always will. It does what I want it to do and it does it well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a in home daycare..messes and germs are always out there...Clorox everything for me/ This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox wipes ,bleach, sprays, and cleaners,i use them in the house,on the go, at work This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is synonymous with clean. i trust that it disinfects well to keep my family safer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox to get rid of the worst stains and it is the only thing I use for disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome! My house has never been cleaner. I love Clorox wipes. Perfect for the flu season!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes you can use them around the house very convenient product.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products because I know they are killing germs and cleaning my many surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes handy at all times. They are great, they work well, and are soooo convenient!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipe. They are a good vale and helps to clean my bathroom.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love, Love, Love Clorox wipes! They are convenient and leave everything smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox products are very good quality products, easy to use, affordable and works well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox to disinfect my kitchen and bathrooms and help prevent the spread of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't go anywhere without my Clorox wipes. Especially convenient when the grandkids are visiting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are quick and easy to use. Its gets the job done and cuts cleaning time down This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. I use them for everything. I keep them in my house and in my car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('good product, I love to clean my house with all of Clorox products. I buy them on a daily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(51, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! They're quick and easy to use, smell great, and clean like a champ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would tell anyone about this product. I love Clorox and recommend it to everyone to try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the ease of Clorox wipes. It's a sense of well-being disinfecting things so easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox disinfecting wipes, easy to take along with you. I always keep it in my car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in Lemon Scent. When I use them I know my House is Clean!', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are easy on the go when you dont have time to really scrub your house. Clorox is awesome!', {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the best. It whitens, disinfects and has powerful cleaning abilities This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So easy to have kids help clean the bathroom when a canister of Clorox wipes is on hand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The cold and flu season has been awful this year. I use Clorox wipes to help kill germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(56, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my go-to for not only quick clean ups, but for disinfecting as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't like the smell of bleach but I love the smell of Clorox wipes and the packaging. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best! They truly are convenient, especially for mothers on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('you cannot go wrong with any Clorox product, from clothes to counters this is the best product This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for the car to clean off the steering wheel and keep it sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was on peritoneal dialysis for 11 years and faithfully used Clorox. Kept my home clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(62, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love them. Clorox disinfecting wipes make my life way easier. I love the smell as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are .super easy to use.. Handy to keep in the car. Super convenient cleaner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes with my kids and am very happy with the messes that they can clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are so convenient for disinfecting when you have a toddler in the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love This Product! I use Clorox in my laundry, to clean my bathrooms, kitchen, toys etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best at removing grease off counter tops. Quick and easy clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They smell great and leaves my home clean! Very convient as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Convenient way to keep counters clean. Keep Clorox under the sink for easy retrieval! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They clean so well and make everything smell so good and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are all great, but the convenience of the wipes is just unbeatable!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('very good used Clorox always I have in my house and always went I going to shopping I bye clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes...especially in the bathroom. It makes for quick and easy clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on a daily basis. They are easy, convenient and a great disinfectant! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox, I feel it disinfects whatever I'm cleaning better than any other product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is another brand I have used for 40 years. I trust it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love my Clorox Wipes!!! Being disabled with chronic pain, it's very difficult for me to keep my house clean. Before my disability I would always use a bucket of water with cleaning solution and a rag to clean my house. Well, that is no longer possible for me to do (as much. Not only are the Clorox wipes excellent at cleaning, they are also very convenient light container, with throw away wipes. I no longer have to worry about lugging around a heavy bucket changing dirty water or cleaning the dirty rag to reuse. I use them to clean just about everything in my house spot clean walls, glass table, toys, clean up spills on floor, spot clean couch upholstry, clean bedroom dressers, removal of dust on various items....and so on and so on. Also, very useful in the car. I clean stains from the car upholstry and sanitize the doors handles, steering wheel and gear shift. I always buy the large container lemon scent. It gives off a clean fresh smell to the entire house. And if I'm traveling, I take my Clorox wipes with me also. I would definately recommend Clorox wipes to everyone. For me it's a Life Saver!!", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This handy wipe product seems to be just a wipe. Then you start using it for all types of things. For instance, when I prune my roses, I wipe the blades of my pruners off between each rose bush. This tip came from a rose grower, i.e. clean your pruners between each rose bush to keep from spreading diseases. I also use my Clorox wipe to clean down the laundry basket. I bring the dirty clothes to the washer and before I put the clean, dry clothes back into the laundry basket I wipe it down. Then I also do a quick wipedown of the top of the washer and dryer. My laundry room seems to smell nicer. I know it is cleaner. One wipe will also wipe down the door jamb, light switches, and door knobs of my house. I have the wipe in my hand anyway, so the little wipedown seems to get more things wiped down that I would not otherwise take the time to clean.', {'entities': [(323, 329, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The disinfecting wipes are great except for orange fusion. The smell is nothing like orange. It smells of chemicals and stays on your hands long after use and many hand washings. Other than that I have no complaints about the product. My complaint is about the dispenser that is so frustrating to use. It doesn't hold the wipe securely, they fall into the container, the top must be removed to get one, then top replaced. And the lower the quantity of wipes gets the dispenser will not hold them at all. Again the top must be removed to dig one out, then it must be squeezed out so whatever is being cleaned isn't drenched with the cleaning liquid because they are SOAKED then the top replaced again. Surely Clorox can come up with something better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(708, 714, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in a small 2-bedroom apartment. It's important to me that my apartment look clean and is sanitized. I have two clorox containers, one in each bathroom. I realized I need to have one in each room of the house. With our lives being so busy today, I use the wipes as I go, cleaning mirrors, counters, toilet, everything that I can reach quickly. It makes cleaning so much faster and efficient. It's a great tool for everyday-upkeep, making the day of the major housekeeping so much easier. I absolutely love it. I just wish that I could carry the Clorox container in my purse, like the windex wipes. They're flat and easy to carry. I'd like to carry it in my purse and wipe restaurant toilet seats or public tables, at school, if I need to sit down and eat. Love you guys! Rosane This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(551, 557, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great disinfectant. Just wipe and go. Perfect for families with young kids and a busy schedule.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It doesn't feel clean unless I use Clorox! My family's go-to disinfection perfection. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes with the lemon scent are a great easy way to clean most any surface when needed.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes because they are quick and easy to use and store at a moments notice!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Although there are many products like this one in the market none of them do what they promise. The fresh lemon scent and the cleaning disinfecting power of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes is unique. I use all over the house and I have a tub in every room in the house so they are readily available. My children already know that if the clean their room or toys the grab the wipes and clean. My husband helps in the cleaning of the bathrooms Clorox Disinfecting Wipes and Clorox clean up are the only products we need. I grew up with Clorox my mother use Clorox Bleach for all cleaning purposes around the house, we grew up in a healthy environment and the house always smelled so clean. We rely on Clorox to keep our family healthy.', {'entities': [(157, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are conveniently located in the cleaning isle at participating stores. It cut my cleaning time in half. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up with my mother using only Clorox and now that Im a parent I use this as well This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using the lemon Clorox wipes shortly after they were on the shelf. I am still using them in my kitchen today. I use the fresh scent in the bathrooms and the orange in the laundry to keep everything clean. The scrubby side does wonders on everything my 8 grandkids leave behind after a visit and my husbands cooking. The size of the cloth is just right for quick clean-ups as well as wiping down the whole kitchen. I do have one complaint, the lid! I much prefer the wide or full flip lid as opposed to the very small flip lid. Hopefully the small ones I found at the store last week are just older stock and Clorox isn't changing the lid. I'm glad I saved my wide flip lids.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this product ever since it came on the market. I would recommend this great product to anyone. I feel comfortable sitting on the commode after using the disinfectant wipes.When the family or myself has a cold or flu I use the wipes on every object that had been used for example: toilet, faucet handles, phone, door handles, etc. I also use the Clorox Bleach in my dish water in order to disinfect dirty dishes from colds, and etc.. I use the Clorox Booster for colored clothes. I just feel at ease and comfortable after using any Clorox products. Thank you for creating such a great and reassuring product to use in my home everyday.', {'entities': [(357, 363, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the convenience of the Clorox wipes. I appreciate how good I feel after I clean my entire home with the many products Clorox has to offer. The price of Clorox products are very reasonable and worth every cent and more. Thanks for that germ free feeling with it's various scents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a nurse I want to be sure I keep my workplace and home as clean and free of germs as possible so I use and trust Clorox to get the job done. No need to find a clean rag or sponge and a cleaner which is super convenient. They are super easy to use, just a quick wipe and done!', {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was helping a friend move into her new house, actually helping to clean so she could unpack things. These wipes were wonderful, they took a lot of the built on grime that you get in the kitchen from cooking. Plus, they made the kitchen smell wonderful! We went through many tubs of Clorox wipes because it needed that many to clean the mess. If we had used another brand we would have had to use other stronger chemical cleaners to get the same results. It is nice to know that you can have your house smell and look good but also know it is disinfected at the same time. No more concoctions to get it clean. Just one the wipes!!', {'entities': [(284, 290, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes clean everything under the sun! As a former teacher, these were a part of my school supply list. Kids would grab a wipe to clean anything. In return, my students were happy and healthier. Not to mention, my room was always lemony fresh! At home, i use these wipes to clean almost anything. I even use them on my boat, in the car, and take with me when I travel. You never know what germs are rampant in a public bathroom! Thanks Clorox for helping me take care of my family. :)', {'entities': [(441, 447, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ue Clorox Wipes on just about everything in my house. My 6-year old granddaughter spends a lot of time with me so they get used in the bathroom to wipe out sinks, on the faucets, countertops, toilets, floors, and in the kitchen, I use the wipes on the sinks, countertops, faucets, and always in trash containers. Wipes are used on door knobs and all other public objects that need wiping from time to time. Ok. I guess it's easier to ask me where I don't use Clorox wipes! Needless to say, I go through a lot of wipes in a week. Thank you for a great product! Wish I would have had these when my children were growing up!", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are by farthest what I use most to clean my house with. I have a one year old son and it can get pretty messy. It is so much easier to pull one out and wipe away, then dispense. They are also great on the go. I liked this product so much that we use them at work. I work with children and after snack and or lunch it can get sticky. It is much easier to wipe off tables. It is also a good way to help us workers by having the older children wipe off the tables for us because it is that EASY. Thank you for your product. Melissa. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox has been in my family for years. I figured if my grandmother and mom used it I would too. It is a great product to whiten dingy whites. Also a great disinfectant for tubs, toilets and counter tops. I always worry about raw meat/blood leaving bad germs on the counter top but I just use Clorox wipes and don't worry about it any more. Definitely a trusted brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the most convenient and effective cleaning supply. I love having the wipes easily accessible for wiping and disinfecting my kitchen counters after preparing raw chicken and other food preparation. I love having them handy to clean off my kitchen table before setting it for dinner. I also enjoy having the wipes in bathroom for easy and effective disinfecting of sink, counters, and toilet seat. Plus, the lemon scent is pleasant and not overwhelming -- just makes everything smell as clean as it really is.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With Clorox Wipes I feel confident that I'm killing germs while getting rid of lingering smells. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the travel pack wipes to wipe down highchairs/booster seats and tabletops at restaurants. I also use them to wipe off shopping cart seats when I'm out shopping with my son. I always carry a pack in my purse or in his diaper bag. Just be careful and make sure anyone reaching in for a diaper wipe doesn't accidentally grab the Clorox wipes instead! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(339, 345, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used Clorox disinfecting wipes in my home often before, but now that I have my 6 month old grandson on a regular basis I use them multiple times a day: Great to clean his high chair before and After meals Awesome to clean his Bouncer after a rousing bouncy session Convenient to clean the kitchen counter around the bottle filling station I have set up I also use other Clorox products throughout my home especially now that flu season has arrived Wonderful products at a good value for my hard earned dollar This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the fresh scent more than any other one because A.) it was the first one I used and B.) I love the way it makes my house smell when I'm done. It cleans so much better than most products and I trust the Clorox name to mean that whatever i'm cleaning with it is actually going to be completely clean when I'm done if I do it the right way. I love the fruit and the scent so I've tried the orange scented ones and they are as wonderful as the Fresh ones. Depending on what mood I'm in I'll use either or.", {'entities': [(208, 214, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I manage Phattrax DJs company and we use Clorox wipes to wipe our microphones before and after our karaoke singers use them. I have noticed a great difference in our DJs getting sick from passing germs on our microphones. I also use them to wipe down dusty equipment and anything at home and in our office. I recommend them to anyone. I even announce to our customers that I use Clorox wipes not only for my health, but thiers too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I been around Clorox products since i can remember. My mother used them to do all type of cleaning. At first the odor seemed a little strong for me as a kid but now with all these new odor senses i love them! I have my kid now and i wouldn't trade Clorox products for anything. Easy to use for deep cleaning. YaquelinV This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, like all of the ohter Clorox products is a quality product. Clorox has been aroiund for many many years, and if they didn't have a quality product, then they wouldn't be around today. When you smell the lemon scent, it triggers a scence of clean in your brain. They are very conveiniant and easy to take with you. Either take the whole can with you in a bag or purse, or just pust a few in a ziplock bag for handy use on the go. You won't be disappointed in this product.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great cleaning product for busy families. Carry it with me to sanitize surfaces such as shopping cart handles and tabletops we use in fast food restaurants. We have very young grandchildren, and Clorox wipes are a necessity at home and away from home. I would highly recommend Clorox wipes for any child care give This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(195, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With five kids and two granddaughters these are what I grab for a quick wipe down of cabinets and surfaces. I never worry about them being sanitized and clean after using Clorox wipes and a little elbow grease. Gives me more time to be a mom and grandmother! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for several years and have found the lemon scent to be my favorate. I keep a tube of them by my kitchen sink and also one by my bathroom sinks. It makes me feel good that frequent wiping down of the moist areas will keep the germs to a minimum and keep my family healthy. The pleasant lemon fragrance keeps the areas fresh-smelling too. I also want to say I only use Clorox Regular Bleach to machine wash my white clothing and linens. I have tried store-brands but found them to give inferior results thus, I depend on Clorox bleach to keep my whites bright and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these wipes because it gives me the power of Clorox in a convenient disposable wipe that is safe even for little hands that want to help. I love that it's portable. Especially when we take trips. I have one in the car, one upstairs and one in the kitchen. When we go camping I pack several of these as we tend to go pretty rural and all of our guests love that it disinfects so much so that now they all carry Clorox wipes in their car and on cook outs picnics and camping. I don't think Clorox can get any more convenient and if it does. I'd love to be the first to try. Just because I know it will be a hit. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a one year old around, there are many times I need something quick and easy to clean up messes. Clorox wipes are quick and easy and do a great job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes, I have tried others but for me I like that fact that it is not a thin wipe and there is more solution so it doesn't feel as dry. I have tried Lysol in the past but you get what you pay for, although their wipes are a few cents cheaper they are thin, they rip and just don't seem as if they are doing the job. I use Clorox wipes on everything from, kitchen, bathroom to my computer desk and dining table. I even use them on light switches and door knobs. My husband uses them in the trucks great for spills and just cleaning the interior. Good stuff Clorox keep up the good work. )", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a name that epitomizes clean. When I use your products in my home I know that germs are being reduced and my family is safer from the things that may make them sick. My whole family uses the Clorox line of products but I especially like the ease of use that the wipes offer. The wipes are portable so you can move them from room to room or take them on the road and they always offer the same confidence of clean no matter where we might be.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like using Clorox wipes when I am on vacation camping in cabins. I only need to bring one product (no need to bring a spray and rags) and it cleans both the kitchen and bathroom and there is no washing a rag out after use. Clorox wipes do not leave any streaks on counter tops and tables like some of the other brand wipes. Clorox wipes are very convienent on vacation especially if you are someone who likes to wipe everything down with a disinfectant like me. It gives me a piece of mind knowing everything has been disinfected when so many people come in and out of vacation places.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Normally I don't buy cleaning products often. I usually stick with natural cleaners, such as vinegar and baking soda, but there are a couple of reasons I buy and use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. 1. The lemon smell actually covers up the bleach smell, so I prefer it. 2. It disinfects! When germ and flu season is near, I take comfort in the fact that Clorox disinfects doorknobs and other grimy objects. 3. I use Clorox in my laundry, so I trust it in other areas of my home. I love it in the kitchen and bathroom, especially for a quick fix. Mixing vinegar can take longer than I have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(166, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely adore the wipes. We use them all over the house and carry the travel ones in our car and my purse.Clorox uses so much disinfectant liqid that when the wipes are gone you can use paper towels to soak up the liquid left and use it till you get to the store and replace your wipes. I do not use them for cleaning I use the as an everyday disinfectant. We have a person in our home with a possible autoimmune disorder (not labeled yet) so these are needed to keep the germs out. I strongly recommend everyone get some to help keep germs out of your home, car, or office. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(111, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At my house we use this primarily around the kitchen. You know those tough to clean, sometimes even baked on, stains that have been sitting on a surface for several days This is one of the few products I've found that even works on those. It does a phenomenal job on all surfaces, including the top of the stove (it even works on tomato sauce that has been baked on to the stove top for a week!. Clorox wipes are so versatile and can be used on most surfaces and in most cleaning situations countertops, toilets, etc.). This is my favorite cleaning product!", {'entities': [(396, 402, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh) on a daily basis on all house fixtures (handles). It dries quickly and leaves a fresh smell. I use it for the trash/recycling container tops and handles. I wipe the exterior of the toilets with wipes. I use it on the bottom of shoes, boots, sneakers, car steering wheel, inside/outside car door handles, etc. I carry some in a zip-lock bag wherever I go.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is convenient and easy to use. I've used it to clean tennis shoes, concrete, mirrors, skipping CDs, stainless steel, laundry stains on whites, ceiling tiles, spot cleaning on synthetic carpet, vinyl flooring, and even glassware that had a film from sitting unused for years. It works beautifully on almost any surface. Something in this cleaner just eats through scum immediately. You don't even have to scrub, usually. Just spray and rinse. I haven't found much that it won't clean, as long as it isn't something cotton that I don't want bleached. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these wipes in almost every room in my home. I always take them with me when I go on trips. I never touch the bathroom, doorknobs, light switches, telephone, and remote unless I wipe them first with Clorox wipes. You never know who was in that room before you!!! Thanks Clorox for making these wipes!!!', {'entities': [(205, 211, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always trusted the name, I grew up in a home where my mom used Clorox bleach to clean, disinfect, and deodorize and that stuck with me. I now trust Clorox products for my own family and as a busy working mom I love the convenience and speed with which clorox wipes clean and freshen my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are cleaning staple in our house. We use them daily. Clorox wipes are especially great for quick clean ups in the kitchen and bathrooms. They are convenient, easy to use and they disinfect and leave the room smelling clean and fresh.. even the kids clean up after themselves! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox brand wipes because they are easy to use, clean, disinfect and deodorize in one step. It is flu season and NOBODY wants to get sick. I drive for a living and I take these with me in the trunk of the car and use them whenever I stop. I also use then to wipe the door handles and seat belt buckles of my car. At home I use them in the kitchen, bathroom, bedroom, everywhere! I wipe the doorknobs, light switches, telephones, computer keyboard, everywhere germs can hide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these!! I've tried other name brands (*cough*cough* Lysol*) and bargain brands but they just don't get the job done like Clorox brand does. I use these every single day to wipe off kitchen counters, door knobs, bathroom vanities/fixtures, and just about everything else. I like the actual material of the wipes better, too - they seem to be bigger, they hold a lot more of the cleaning product, and they don't rip easily. I honestly wouldn't even bother with other brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(128, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a not only a great product but it is also a trusted product with great quality. The wipes are very convenient and easy to use which is helpful to me since I have limited abilities and makes it easier on me to clean. Thank you for making such great products. Sincerely, Sandra Perez This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because I can use them to clean virtually every item in my house. I'm partial to the lemon scent since it makes my house smell so fresh and refreshing. I use it for my every day cleaning such as wiping down the counter tops, stove top, table, etc. I also use it for my deep scrubbing/cleaning days to attack dirt and grime in other areas such as my bathrooms, bedrooms, etc. I highly recommend this product to every cleaning diva out there.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been using this product for several years on door handles, counter tops, trash cans, storage bins, toys, spot cleaning the floors, and a million other things. Clorox wipes are used daily in our household because it gives us the peace of mind that the item or area is not only clean but disinfected too! All of the wipes stay moist, I have never had a single wipe come out dry. The wipe's size is perfect to handle. The smell of lemons is fresh and not overpowering.", {'entities': [(167, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love using Clorox products. Now that I have an active toddler that gets easily into messes, the wipes do make it easy to wipe of dirt, mud, food stains, juice stains from anywhere in my household! (except carpet of course) :0. My husband who is in the military never deploys without them. I make sure he always travels with Clorox wipes to disinfect anywhere he goes, including some of his military gear! Thank you so much for making us mom/wives life easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like this product. I'm not to happy with the smell afterwards, but it does the job and that is more important to me. I have used different Clorox products and love them all because they remove stains and whiten the toilet and bathtub. I really like it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(148, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy using Clorox products. I know that my home is getting clean when I use Clorox. I love the Clorox wipes the most because they are so convenient right there at my fingertips whenever I need them and I know they are killing the disease causing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use almost every Clorox product available. My favorite is Clorox wipes, I use them in every room of my house. I love that I no longer have to reuse rags to clean the bathroom. Thanks Clorox for awesome products that keep my house looking, and smelling clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've enjoyed using this product for years. Clorox is a brand I turn to because I know it will clean up any mess from food to drinks to bathroom messes! It maintains a great value while keeping the same standards of cleanliness! Thanks for such a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have switched around from one brand to another, yet I always find myself right back at Clorox. Clorox seems to give me everything I look for in a cleaner and so much more. I know by using Clorox am guaranteed that my home will have that clean, deodorized fresh smell that I so love. I also know that when cleaning my kitchen, I am guaranteed that I am cleaning at least 99 of the bacteria that food leaves behind. That makes me feel safe and secure. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(89, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have the lemon Clorox wipes under every sink in the house. This is a great product. The wipe does not tear. It's great for all uses, to clean a countertop, spill on the floor, toilet, sink, etc all while killing every little germ or 99.9 I should say. Not to mention it just smells clean and refreshing too! Love thim! Can not live without them. I tried a different brand one time...never again! Clorox, thank you for making such a fantastic product!", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are one of my favorite products by Clorox because they are super convenient and can be used on anything from the changing tables to the toilet seats to the car seats after my little ones have been there, They are always moist and I can count on them to not only do a great job at removing dirt and grime but also with killing bacteria and helping with any odors. This really matters when you are a single parent with two little ones! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Lemon scented Clorox disinfecting wipes work best in my opinion! They really cut threw the grease and dirt better than the other scented ones that are available. I clean for a living, and these Clorox wipes never leave my side while i'm on the job. They help me get my cleaning done quickly and efficiently, and the clients are always very happy with the results. I trust the Clorox brand and i recommend Lemon disinfecting wipes to ALL my friends!!", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love the Clorox wipes. I carry them it in my car and it has came in handy several times. When I take my grandson to restaurants I always take the Clorox wipes in to the restaurant with me. I always wipe down the table where my grand baby will be eating and plus I wipe down the booster seat or high chair he is sitting in. Clorox wipes makes me feel more confident that I am doing everything possible to protect my grand baby from flu and viruses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on all surfaces in my kitchen and bathrooms, including: sinks, counter tops, stove top, refrigerator, table tops, tile floors, and bath tub. They are versatile, easy to pull out, and durable. One wipe can complete many jobs.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a little one running around the house, things can never be clean enough! We use Clorox wipes at home and also on the go. They are a great way to disinfect your bathrooms and toys as well as the nasty changing stations in malls and stores. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(85, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes. I use them for a quick clean-up and for heavy duty chores. I use them all over my house - cleaning my sinks, toilets, kitchen, stove, shoes ... My kids love using the wipes, too. They think it's fun to pull the wipes out of the container, so when it's time to clean, they can help me wipe down the counters, cabinets, whatever needs a sparkle. I just won't let them know it's cleaning, then it would be fun anymore.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox for all my cleaning needs. The bleach for white socks, towels and wash cloths. The wipes can be used for just about everything. Especially cleaning up messes your children make. The stain remover is a must to have around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox lemon scented disinfecting wipes are very handy to have in my kitchen and bathroom. We have two young grandchildren living with us and they can really make a mess. It is great to know I can just pull out my canister of Clorox wipes and clean up any spill, smear or sticky messes instantly, while disinfecting the surface at the same time. The flu is hitting strong here right now and protecting my family's health is important to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes for everything...toys, tables, counters, bathtub, toilets, floors. I keep a package in EVERY room of our house. I could not live without them!! The scent does not matter. We usually buy a five pack that has all the scents in it.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With my family on a budget, we buy a lot of generic goods. One thing we do not buy generic, are these Clorox wipes. We have two very active toddlers, and they are constantly making all sorts of messes. These wipes disinfect, clean very well, and smell nice. These are the ultimate cleaning product in our busy household. No store brand wipe can compare to Clorox, which is why our locked cleaning cabinet is jam packed full of these gems. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the Best value for my buck! if your tired of boring old cleaners that DO NOT clean to your satisfaction then head on over to the Clorox section where we have Sprays, Powder,Wipes bottled concentrate to meet ALL your cleaning needs for a fraction of the cost of those other high priced or cheap made bargain brands. Why blow money on them when you can buy the BEST from Clorox its the ONLY brand me my family PREFER!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("One of my daughters is potty training I have no idea how I would keep my bathroom decently clean on a daily basis without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are so handy for the quick cleanups of all the little messes in the kids' bathroom! And since my daughter is at the age where she touches everything in the bathroom constantly, it gives me peace of mind to know Im usually one step ahead of most of the germs in there. Thanks Clorox.", {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes on everything. They are easy to use and very convenient. You can throw a canister in the car for trips or in the diaper bag for going out to eat or playdates. And I love the lemon scent. It smells so clean.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fresh scent of the Clorox Disinfecting wipes. I keep a container of them at home and work for wiping up messes and wiping off surfaces where germs might be lurking... my desk, counter tops, the phone receiver, door handles, etc... Clorox wipes are great for disinfecting a variety of surfaces as well. I recommend this product to anyone who wants a clean, fresh smelling, and safe (disinfected) home or work environment.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use my Clorox Wipes to disinfect and clean everything!!!! I have an infant and when you use a spray disinfectant, the smell can be overwhelming and powerful. With the Clorox Wipes, you get the same clean smell but not overwhelming. I like that you can take the wipes anywhere! I carry a container in the Diaper bag and wipe down every changing station I come into contact with before I place my child and her changing mat down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products. It whitens, disinfects,removes stain and deodorizes the house to make everything fresh. I uses it just about in every room in my house. Clorox is most definitely a powerful cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! They make my cleaning so much easier and save me a lot of time. I use them on a regular basis for cleaning my bathroom and it leaves it sparkling and smelling fantastic! They're also great for cleaning countertops, doorknobs, telephones, and other often used items that you can't use a spray on. I highly recommend these to anyone. They work much better than any other brand and are the only type I buy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used both the Clorox and Lysol disinfecting wipes and I prefer these over Lysol. One thing that I really like is the ease with which you can start the pack and the ease with which the wipes come out of the canister. I have wrestled with the Lysol canisters and wasted so many wipes just trying to get one out. I also like the way these smell. Most Clorox products wreak of bleach, but these are very pleasant-smelling.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox wipes when I clean my home. Having young children I want to protect them as much as possible especially during cold and flu season. These wipes hold up well, smell great and do a great job! Thank you Clorox!', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have depended upon Clorox all my life my mother used it and her mother and so on. We just love knowing when we cleaned with it we knew we was also disinfecting and getting the job done. Love it love it love it !!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For a quick, easy clean up, I always reach for Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They sit in a nice little corner on my counter top, out of the way from everything, yet easy to grab when I need it! Just pop open and grab a wipe, then close! As an avid baker, it's nice to have something to quickly grab and clean as I go, then toss away when I'm finished! I rarely have to use more than one or two for my entire kitchen tops! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the wipes but would prefer if they had a bleach scent. I love the smell of Clorox Bleach and it always makes me feel that everything is clean and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(82, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a staple in our household! I use them for everything from couters, to floors, appliances, cabinets.. and I use them in all rooms of our house.. They are great for everyday cleaning needs and I love that you can just toss the germs in the trash. I have tried other brands of disinfecting wipes and they do not hold up as well. I prefer Clorox wipes any day and constantly buy them for my housefold.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am employed as a housekeeper at a local university. Clorox wipes are a must have especially during cold/flu season on campus. I use them to clean door knobs, desk tops, keyboards, faucets, counters, the vinyl upholstery in common areas, seating in the auditoriums, and restroom stalls and doors. The uses go on and on. They are so convenient and easy to use as well as economical. I love those Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product when my kids get sick quick into action on the Clorox wipes and within hours already feel the germs are going away with the flu season!!! we live short to no colds in this house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox on all my whites and most important place is in my kitchen when i'm cutting up meat. I like how it keeps my whites bright and clean and my counters extra clean after cooking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't run my household without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Where other people clean up after their children, I'm constantly following behind my four-legged children (cats who dine on our bathroom counters, away from our other four-legged child dog), who would otherwise eat their food. I have Clorox Wipes in almost every room in the house. Thank you, Clorox!! I love the scrubbing side, especially!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep these in each car, in a drawer at work, under my kitchen cabinet, in the bathrooms, in the garage...I use Clorox wipes for SO much! I have used them for years and will continue to use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(113, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes and use them daily in my kitchen. I also use them in the bathroom, the kids room, dining room and pretty much anywhere else that needs disinfecting. I really like the smell of the fresh wipes. I prefer the clorox over the lysol wipes. I don't like how the lysol wipes feel...they are not as think and are hard to hold onto. Clorox are by far the best disinfecting wipes!! LOVE them!!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's hard to find anything that compares to Clorox wipes for cleaning my glass cooktop. It is the most effective for getting tough stains off of it, and I have not found anything better,", {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've purchased cheap wipes to try to save on cost but they just don't compare to the Clorox brand. I really feel like Clorox disinfects and cleans more powerfully than any other. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(85, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Totally awesome: When I was attending a dress wedding rehearsal and one of the young ladies dropped some lasagna on her dress. Out of the blue I went to my car and got my Clorox cleaners. I did not know if the stain was going to come out or not. All I new is the name Clorox was a name I grew up on and a name I can trust. Who new the lasagna stain would disappear. Believe it or not it did. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox wipes are in both bathrooms, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. We even keep a container in each car for 'just-in-case' moments. You never know when something yucky is going to happen with kids or even just out and about. There are truly a lot of bleachable moments in life and it's so much easier to have something to make that an everyday convenience. Thank you, Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am particular to the lemon Clorox wipes because they make my kitchen smell so clean and shiny. Just the fact that I can grab one little wipe from the container and clean up after my cooking catastrophes is such a relief and time saver. Another tip.. they are fabulous in cleaning up moldings, doors, and walls! Say goodbye to the tracks your little ones leave behind, Thank you Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox wipes because they are an all-purpose cleaner that is easy to take wherever the mess is... the bathroom where we are potty training right now! The car dash (and maybe the part where the pop spilled on the console!).. kitchen counters... toys... I'd rather have a supply of these than all the sprays and paper towels and sponges... this does the trick for just about everything!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best, so forget about the rest. We use the wipes in the bathroom for cleaning, doorknobs and light fixtures around the house and especially in the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use only Clorox because it's what my Mother always used. There is no other product out there that can compare to ANY Clorox product. That's is all I use on a daily basis. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Clorox products since I've moved out on my own at 18. My family has always used Clorox brand which is how I became familiar with the product at a very young age. Clorox always does the job and I'm never disappointed. I can always find it when I need it and it's always at a reasonable price. I always recommend to my family and friends who currently use other brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a staple in my kitchen and bathrooms. I use them all the time for a quick clean-up that I know leaves the surfaces safe from bacteria and germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox wipes because I can clean different surfaces in my kitchen, the wipes all kinds of stains/grease. I love how it freshens my microwave. I use the wipes daily! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes make it easy and quick to clean. I am so pushed for time, that I really value products that save me time, are a good value, and get the job done. Good product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There are two products that we always have on hand at our house. 1st is Clorox disinfecting wipes 2nd is baby wipes. Nothing works as fast and effortless than Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("What says convenient disinfects like a boss! Clorox wipes, thats what! You won't be disappointed in this product and won't go back to anything else after you've tried it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so easy to use. They are strong and can withstand all of my scrubbing needs. I use them in every room in my home. I babysit my two young grandchildren and want to make sure my home is clean and as germ free as it can be. The lemon scented ones are so fresh smelling and I feel like these wipes do a double duty with the great scent! Can't live without them.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Wipes are great. I keep a canister in the kitchen and both bathrooms. Counters, sinks, fridge, toilet, doors, fans... cleans, disinfects, and very convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love Clorox Products! A product true to its name. As a Mom of 7 children this is one product I always have on hand. Unfortunately you can control what comes in from the outside but, I can control the germs at home and I give thanks for being my trusty side kick when we are a healthy home and not being afraid to help out when the home is sick! Thanks for all the help! Mom of 7 This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Clorox Lemon wipes! They are always handy, perfect for quick clean-ups. But they are also great for tacklling the tough jobs, like the microwave! Thank you Clorox!', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Such a great product! It's so easy to grab and wipe a mess in seconds instead of getting out mulitple cleaning products! Clorox hit big when they brought us their wipes!", {'entities': [(121, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('awesome product! love to use in my busy home, family is messy and Clorox cleans them up, love it sad when it is gone always buy keeps my tolet is clean and lovely.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are effective and easy to use. The container facilitates ease of dispensing unlike those which allow more than one sheet, or products sinks to bottom of container, these wipes are always instantly available. the Fresh scent is clean and pleasant, no overpowering disinfectant odor. Priced competitively, often cheaper than those of competitors, I would recommend them.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these all the time. No mess, easy to use, just pull out a sheet or two and you're ready to go. I use these after I have washed cabinets, counters off with dish soap and water to help with disinfecting surfaces. Keep up the good work Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(239, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely love Clorox wipes! So easy to grab and wipe down the kitchen after cleaning! Love to disinfect the entire area after having raw meat in the kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The other day I discovered my son drew all over the cabinets with purple sharpie. I almost lost my mind! The Clorox wipes were sitting on the counter so they are the first thing I reached for..and I'm glad I did. I couldn't believe with a little elbow grease and a wipe that the sharpie was gone. Always my go-to! I use these at least 20x a day w. a puppy and 5 small children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing is easier than grabbing a Clorox towel and wiping off anything from grape juice to stuck on grease, Makes easy quick work out of tough jobs! Love them !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all Clorox products from liquid laundry products to disinfectant wipes and sprays. My mother used Clorox all my life and I have continued the tradition. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love that clean smell. Clorox wipes come in handy when it's cold and flu season. Just pop the top and wipe the door knobs and toss into the trash. I always keep my wipes on the kitchen counter because that's the place with the most foot traffic. So the kids know to wipe up after themselves. Gotta love Clorox for making life a little easier when it comes to cleaning. Thanks!", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love how convenient it is to grab a Clorox Disinfecting wipe to clean the sticky table from the grandson's mess. Then know it's germfree nice and safe for him. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes came in very handy when we got our puppy. Quick and easy disinfecting after accidents! I quickly began using them for all types of quick disinfecting.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I make sure to disinfect my shopping cart before strapping my kids inside for each shopping trip. Clorox To Go disinfecting wipes make it quick easy to do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean up sticky spills and messes throughout my home. they're quick, easy, and leave my home smelling nice and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After my 3 year old eats pancakes, there's syrup every where! Luckily with Clorox wipes, it take just a quick swipe and the table's clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are fantastic and worth the money. They hold up to tough jobs and are easy and convenient to use. I am totally addicted to them and use them every day around the house. I leave a container by the kitchen sink for easy use in the kitchen and I leave a container right on the back of the toilet in the bathroom for easy cleanup in the bathroom!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Having Celiac disease (allergic to wheat, barley, and rye) can be challenging at times when my kitchen is not without gluten for the rest of my family. Using Clorox Wipes is so incredibly convenient and eases my mind knowing I won't get sick from leftover germs from a sandwich or crackers that were laying on the counter or table just a few seconds before I got home!", {'entities': [(158, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes in my classroom to pick up germs on door handles, the phone, and all sorts of other surfaces that get yucky this time of year! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep clorox wipes next to every toilet in my house for quick cleaning everyday of the seats and handles. I also use them weekly to wipe all the doorknobs and light switches that germy hands touch. And they are the best for cleaning tv remotes and video game controllers. Thank you Clorox for making it so easy to rid my house of germs and keep my family healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(283, 289, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a medically fragile child with a compromised immune system and I use Clorox wipes to disinfect everything because I know they will never let me down This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I mainly use the Clorox wipes to clean the inside of my car as well as my kitchen counters. There are so many germs out there that my family bring into my home that I have to get rid of them some how and this wipes do the trick! They clean really well and I love the smell. I usually use the lemon or the fresh scents.I love that they don't take up much space on my cabinet.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes because they are so convenient and they clean and disinfect any hard surface imaginable. I always keep a tube at home and at work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Found that not only does Clorox Disinfecting Wipes do an excellent job at cleaning all intended surfaces, it also leaves no residue! Super! I am a Clorox gal!', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely adore the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I love the whole just grab one and go. They save me tons of cleaning time from wiping off door handles, to cleaning up a spill on the floor, to even dusting with them and the fact that they are antibacterial, you just can't find a better wipe than this to do what you need it to actually do. Oh, and they smell really good!", {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes primarily for in-between clean ups in the bathrooms and to clean our dog's crate. I also find them very useful for cleaning baseboards and marks/finger prints on doors. My favorite use for them is to clean the spindles on our bannister and stair railings. My kids love to help with this chore and it becomes a game to see which of them can wipe down the most!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love cleaning wipes for the fact of ease and convenience. I've tried a competitors wipes and they were dryer, and didn't smell as nice. I do like to try new products, but I always come back to these Clorox wipes. They are the best smelling, just the right moisture and texture for cleaning up messes or disinfecting door knobs. Best product and will recommend to anyone!", {'entities': [(201, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes at work. We use it on our computer keyboard, mouse, mouse pad, desk phones, cell phones and desktops to assist in killing germs. We also use them on our kitchen counter tops each and every day. It leaves each surface clean, and smelling great each and every time. We absolutely love all the products made by this wonderful company. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love the wipes and just about all Clorox products! the wipes are an life savor and makes for an easy quick clean up with little ones running around This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Your Clorox disinfecting wipes work excellently. One side is rough the other smooth. They pull out tear much easier, compared to other similar brands.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I keep one in my bathroom, one in the kitchen and one in the laundry room. They are great for a quick cleaning and during the flu season I use them to wipe down all the door knobs, remotes and phones. I alos keep a small baggies of them in my diaper bag to wipe down tables in restaurants or a public toilet for my 4 year old.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great product! I can't imagine cleaning my house without Clorox Wipes! I feel like the house is really clean after I use them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use, they smell great and they get the job done! I use them on my kids toys, to dust with etc. love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox wipes its super convenient. I use them all over the house. and carry the on the go in my babies diaper bag. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE these in my kitchen! I'm all about saving money, but the generics can't stand up to my Clorox. Thanks for making cleanup so easy!", {'entities': [(94, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like knowing things are disinfected, and this does the job! When I want to ensure my cutting boards are clean, I grab the Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(124, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My niece wrote on our refrigerator with permanent marker 3 years ago. We tried everything from bleach to steam, even acetone, to remove the marker. All to no avail. On a whim we purchased Clorox On the Go wipes and my husband one day decided to give the dreaded marker stain one last try by using the wipes. AT LAST!!! MARKER GONE!!! THANK YOU CLOROX!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(188, 194, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With nine people and four bathrooms in our home, Clorox wipes are a blessing! When we made our family chore chart the children were worried about using spray chemicals. With Clorox wipes and a pair of gloves, they are all set. We use them for everything,and even carry a pack in my purse for those things you don't want to touch, like grocery baskets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a great product. I use them everyday around the house. They are great for disinfecting without the mess of sprays. I use them in the kitchen, bathroom, and to wipe down my laptop keyboard. Clorox wipes are an essential product. Lemon scented Clorox wipes are my absolute favorite. I love the fresh, lemon scent that you get from using the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(197, 203, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love these wipes. They are the best - especially at the holidays. If there is a spill or problem, I can guarantee that Clorox wipes will clean and correct the problem. An example of this was when I spilled curry on my carpet. I was in a state of panic. I used my wipes and the stain came out! I got to the stain immediately, and the wipes were amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Good cleaning smells great. Not only does the kids love it but they like to clean with it. That's great for me lol! If you haven't every use Clorox then your missing out. I use it for every type of cleaning and best of all great with stains. I have teen boys and that's all they know is how to stain. I fight back with Clorox because that's all I know. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(141, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Clorox wipes. I use them to clean up everything! they work perfect to clean up the kitchen after cooking dinner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't think Clorox pushes this product enough! I keep a container in almost every room of the house. Makes it so easy to keep a clean, healthy, sweet smelling home. Along with obvious kitchen and bath surfaces, I run a cloth over woodwork, picture frames, door knobs - virtually every surface in my house! So quick, so easy, Get the word out there!!!!", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Being a couponer I have tried all the different types of disinfecting wipes on the market today. By far none of them compare to the wonderfulness that is Clorox Wipes. They hold up better, leave absolutely NO streaks, and smell better! I can use them on my counters, windows, and mirrors! Thank you Clorox for making a product that is 1 in my book!', {'entities': [(154, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox wipes since they hit the market. I will not use any other brand or off brand. Nothing stands up to the name.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We tried generics. But they left a film all over what we cleaned. Never again. Clorox wipes are the only ones for us. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a MUST for a new puppy. I keep them handy for accidents because they make clean-up so quick and easy!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are essential for cleaning the drool off our walls (we have an English Mastiff :) They are super convenient for wiping counters, tables, walls, toilet, sink, and even the dash in the van. They leave everything clean and disinfected in a very short amount of time and with little effort. We couldn't do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the Clorox wipes because they are convenient and easy to get to when I have to clean a big mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a new mom, I love the ease of Clorox products and the security I get knowing my surfaces are clean and safe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My momma always used Clorox for everything. I am carrying on a tradition! I would recommend Clorox to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the great job it does to disinfect. The towels never fall apart and the smell is fresh. Great product Clorox!', {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE Clorox wipes! They do such an amazing job. I use them in my kitchen, bathroom, and even in my car! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a mom with three little boys, there is always something to clean up! A messy counter top, a spilled plate... Clorox wipes are a quick solution to wipe up a surface so I have more time to spend playing with my cuties! The lemon smell is a bonus I've used other wipes that leave a lasting unpleasant smell in my kitchen... but not Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in my home. They have become my go-to product for just about anything! Whether its cleaning up spills, grime or grease on appliances or just disinfecting against germs I use them several times a week around the house and feel good knowing my house is clean and they have a great scent too!!', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely LOVE Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I keep the to-go packs in my diaper bag all the time for a quick table wipe down when we go to a restaurant. During the cold/flu season it's so much more convenient around the house since my old kids have asthma and it makes using the spray simply impossible. I would be lost without my clorox wipes!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products have long since been trusted in our household. We love Clorox and and the clean it brings with it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox has to be one of my favorite surface cleaners than any other cleaners. The best part of it is that it goes a long way and works on nearly all surfaces which is a plus in my life! I recently tried the green works products and was a little hesitant but after trying it works wonders and isn't as strong as the normal Clorox cleaners! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are to me the best!!! they keep Germs away and cleans areas around the house very easily This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I would recommend it to everyone. I have been using Clorox products for over 10 years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have 5 kids and Clorox wipes are my go-to rescue when the going gets tough! I use them all the time for a variety of messes but nothing makes me more grateful for these wipes than when I have sick kids!!! They are fast, portable, convenient and smell good! I know I'm really cleaning not just wiping up a mess. Thank you Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make everything so easy! I love that they are so convenient and make quick clean up a breeze!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i find Clorox to be my number cleaning disinfectant at home my mother is a big cloox user and so am i This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I especially like to use Clorox wipes at work. They're great for cleaning my desk area and keyboard! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If everyone in America took just 5 minutes a day to disinfect common surfaces in their homes with a product such as Clorox disinfecting wipes we would see a much less severe cold and flu season and stop outbreaks of more deadly viruses before they become a threat. It's time to go back to basics and clean like your mama taught ya! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a name I can trust to keep my family healthy by killing germs and leaving clean surfaces! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox desinfentant is now part of my life, wouldn't change it For any other brand or desinfentant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The product is easy to use and it performs as expected. I am a fan of all the Clorox products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox's Disinfecting Wipes because they make clean up a breeze. Work smarter, not harder! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I use them everyday to keep my kitchen countertops clean and smelling lemon fresh!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In the classroom, there is always something that needs cleaning and disinfecting. For me, Clorox is the go to cleaner. Sometimes wipes will do but sometimes the spray bottle is needed for larger clean ups.Which ever is needed, you know they will do a good job and in the process, protect everyone in the classroom from germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(90, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have my kids help me clean and they love Clorox wipes. Its easier for them and for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox product because I feel like it is really disinfecting and whitening the stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best bleach for disinfecting and whitening. No store brand can compete with Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because the are so easy and convenient to use and plus they smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As the first time parent of a newborn, I am constantly worried about germs or anything that might cause her to get sick. I use the Clorox wipes daily because the smell is not too strong for her to be near and when I am finished, I know that anything she touches is super clean and germ free. I use these daily with confidence. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(131, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I purchase and use Clorox products. I know my family's clothes, toys my home is cleaner brighter and sanitized. My mother grew up with Clorox, I grew up with Clorox, my children are growing up with Clorox products. Clorox products are a tradition that has been and will continue to be passed from generation to generatiom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('whenever I take my twin boys to a store bathroom, I clean the toilet first with Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes for easy clean up, having three boys is a task alone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are the best to use around the house especially around flu season This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I run a daycare and have children of my own. Clorox works great for my family and business as it cleans and disinfects great keeping my children healthy. Also it brightens services keeping them shinning and looking great. I always use Clorox 2 when doing laundry as it keeps clothes looking new for a longer period of time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product! I always buy Clorox brand, they make me feel things are clean and disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my clorox cleaners, the wipes are used in every room, the toilet bowl cleaner is awesome, clorox kitchen cleanup used everyday , and clorox bleach in laundry and used for other things...Clorox is used the most in our house especially for disinfecting everything due to flu and cold season...Love the clorox products... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(193, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE LOVE LOVE! These wipes leave my house always clean when I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes(Fresh)', {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox Wipes. They clean quickly and easily and leave surfaces shiny and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I honestly have no complaints about any Clorox products I have ever used. I use the wipes frequently in my house and in my car. I have no children of my own but when my niece and nephew are over it is nice to have them for when they get dirty. I also use many other products! I would recommend their products to anyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes on just about everything! They are really convenient and easy to use. They clean, disinfect and deodorize. I could never clean with anything else, especially in he bathroom and kitchen where germs are present. I would recommend Clorox wipes to everyone who wants a clean, germ free house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One beautiful day me and the kids who is older enough not to spill thing in the car obviously spilled yogurts with colors and stained sit belt. I of course go my handy dandy Clorox Disinfecting Wipes that I have I my car handy at all time, cleaned, disinfected and removed stained sit belt completely. Thank you Clorox.! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(174, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! I was surprised at how much better they clean than the Lysol kind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. I use them at home and my office for disinfecting everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting wipes because they are so convenient for me being a mom of two. I use these primarily in the kitchen, on my baby's high chair, and in the bathroom of our household. It's a brand that I trust and I know when I use it I am really cleaning and disinfecting the item of my choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love it !!! Clorox is great to remove stains and cleans great! You should try it out!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for anything and everything. They are a necessity in my household! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely love Clorox products!!!!! i cant live without my clorox wipes and sprays. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always feel good knowing my surfaces are clean after using my Clorox Disinfecting wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great product. I use them on a daily basis for cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The answer is no! With Clorox disinfecting wipes you not only get that easy feeling of the trusted name brand but you are put to ease knowing that all germs in every room (and objects) are covered. From a spill to disinfecting baby toys, Clorox is the name I trust to kill every germ in my house....and then some! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox Wipes are super convenient. After I finish preparing the meat and start cooking it, I use a wipe to remove any meat contamination from the counter top before I start preparing the rest of our meal. The wipes are especially nice because I don't want to use a spray at that time as I usually have food out..", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox product!! help me to keep the house clean and germs out of the home .', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great disinfectant and helps protect my family during sickly outbreaks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are amazing! I have two boys under the age of 10 and let me tell you they know how to make a mess!. These wipes help me to keep my house looking great and clean and not to mention smell wonderful. I would highly recommend for anyone to try these! We love them in my house! Thanks so much Clorox! MAri This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(298, 304, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is all I buy. It's wonderful. Leaves everything clean and smelling good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best product for cleaning. other brands just cant get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting wipes are super easy to use make everything smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only do Clorox wipes smell fresh but they're convenient and easy to use too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love Clorox products. they help make my home a cleaner and germ free place. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are a necessity in my home. I'm a mother of three children with the oldest being 6. Germs love my house so I do everything to make sure that my home is clean and sanitized. With that being said, I trust that Clorox disinfects does the job. I use it everywhere from my kitchen, to bathroom, to bedrooms to cars...", {'entities': [(214, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes because they smell good and are so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am an absolute germ phob. Especially during flu season. I love love love Clorox bleach and Clorox cleaning products. My friends typically make jokes that my floors are cleaner than the hospitals. I use Clorox in my laundry, to scrub my bathroom, in my mop bucket, in my dishwasher, in my pressure washer.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like using Clorox disinfecting wipes. It's so easy just to pop a wipe out of the container. Very quick and handy for those smaller, everyday tasks. My favorite is the fresh smell but I have used the lemon and like that too. I'd recommend this product for daily cleaning anytime, really does a great job.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! With two messy kids around, these come in very handy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best to use for disinfecting, deodorizing and cleaning!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a nurse... I hate germs! Clorox kills germs and thats why i use it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this Clorox wipes and it is a great cleaning product for my kitchen cupboards, my bathroom and anywhere my kids may a spill . it's great for everywhere This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product. I love all Clorox products. Easy to use and powerful too This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With two toddler boys, Clorox wipes come in handy to clean up any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because it makes it easy to keep things disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would recommend using Clorox Wipes or the spray for all your cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! I use them at home and the office! Super convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('An absolute necessity for the workplace. I had the flu this season, and in my absence, my coworkers cleaned my desk with Clorox wipes......and no one else was sick. Being sick is one thing, but knowing you gave it to someone else makes you feel even worse. Thank you for helping me keep my germs to myself! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(121, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! They are amazing and always clean what I need them too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quick and easy way to clean and sanitize at the same time. Use at home everywhere. I take a container to my grandmother in the nursing home and use it to try to help combat all the germs there. Great product. I especially like the wipes because it keeps me from splashing Clorox on my clothes when I use it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(272, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox wipes they are so easy to use and they work wonderfully This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox lemony fresh smelling wipes. A clean I can trust with a smell I love.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfectant wipes are a lifesaver! As a mother of a energetic and messy toddlers, paper towels can only go so far as far as cleaning up messes. That's why I always have a canister of Clorox disinfectant wipes nearby. With the Clorox name, I know that the wipes will do the job 110. Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can easily clean my roommates messes with Clorox. It's so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When flu season hits Clorox wipes are our go to at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great. very convenient to use and very affordable. Its helpful to very busy mom to clean the kids mess. It has good smells,very friendly to an asthmatic mom like me. We can use it any time and anywhere. Kid uses it too everywhere he goes. I am very thankful to you,clorox company and more power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my favorite cleaner. it smells great and works really well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to admit, I have lazy teenagers! Those lazy teenagers love to leave messes and hate to clean up after themselves. With the Clorox wipes, all they need to do is grab a wipe and in one swift movement they have cleaned up their mess while disinfecting. Its a great product that I cannot live without! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(130, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the Clorox wipes, because I have three small children who loves to play in dirt, plants and bring all there little germs in the house I use the Clorox wipes on everything even there toys. I have noticed since I have been purchasing the wipes my babies aren't catching common colds or viruses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's not clean until everyone smells the bleach! Wonderful stuff, cleaning with Clorox makes me feel safe that my house is clean as well as sanitized. Germ free with Clorox! Grandmother approved, 3 generations of loyal customers. Keep it up! I want my kids, and my kid's kids to know the old Clorox-Clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convience of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh)! The smell is not overwhelming, and it makes it so easy to clean surfaces. I keep one container of wipes in each bathroom, and one in my kitchen. It makes it easy to keep my home fresh, clean, and disinfected. Thank you Clorox for this great product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy it is to disinfect my counters with Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the lemon Clorox wipes! They are so easy to use, they make cleaning up the kitchen and bathroom a snap. Even my teenager can do a great job using the Clorox wipes. The fresh lemon scent makes the rooms smell great. And with Clorox I feel confident that there are no disgusting germs lingering around!', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As we all know the gym is a breeding ground for germs and viruses. I pack a resealable bad with Clorox wipes and wipe down everything (machines, spin bicycles, weights and mats) before I come in contact with them Not to mention it leaves a nice scent and I know that whatever touch is clean and disinfected.', {'entities': [(96, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Definitely beats the competition in cleaning ability! Thank you Clorox!', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great Product!!! I always use this product to product me and my family from germs. Clorox products are not only good for protecting my family from germs but it also deodorizes and is very good in terms of price. I would definitely encourage any mom to use this product in their home, or while traveling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have used Clorox products for years and has never disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox bleach wipes because I have messy kids. I'm always wiping up some kind of sticky mess and I love that the wipes cut through the grease and stickiness. I also appreciate the peace of mind knowing that my counters are cleaner than before with the germ-killing properties of the wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('you cant go wrong with Clorox. keep clean and smelling great ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently bought a swiffer wet jet after years of scrubbing my kitchen and bathroom floors with Clorox wipes. After I finished with the swiffer it had looked as though I just pushed the dirt around. Needless to say I went back to using Clorox wipes on my floors as well as just about everything else!!! 3', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my go to product for all messes big or small. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox and love the feeling of cleanliness This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes everywhere, even at works to clean my desk.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('it get the tough messes out. i love the Clorox smell of freshness.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox, it's a brand I trust and I know it kills germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they are easy to use, convenient, and cleans and disinfects wonderfully. I have to these disinfecting wipes in my home all the time. When I clean, I like to have a product in my home that cleans and disinfects my home, and Clorox products does that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer to use green cleaners and Clorox Green Works is one of my go to cleaners, however, there are times when something stronger is needed. Disinfectant wipes are great for doorknobs, telephones, quick cleanups on a toilet seat or anything else that is shared. Tis the season for sharing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are great quality at reasonable prices This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love this product....use Clorox wipes to quickly clean my stove top/burners, because we have an oddly built house....the main entrance is right off the kitchen, so if my stove top is a mess, it the first thing a visitor will notice, but Clorox wipes make it easy and quick to keep clean and shiny! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox Lemon scented wipes for many years. Not only when I worked in the kitchen of a restaurant, but also now in my nursing career. I love the scent, I trust the promises the products make and they are used daily in my home. I am a devout fan and refuse to use anything BUT Clorox brand!', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are a staple in my classroom. My students do desk top math where they practice math skills with dry erase markers on the top of their desk. They love it. Clorox wipes clean it up with ease....and get rid of germs at the same time. I also use them at home for quick wipe ups. Love them!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I rely on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to get rid of the germs not only lurking in my home, but in my office, as well. They seem to be so cost effective, especially in relation to using paper towels and chemicals and the waste associated with their use. Great product that leaves you with peace of mind.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox! Always feel like my house is super clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. Very convenient and easy to use. I use them to clean up around the toilet every now and then. I use them to wipe down my kids toys to keep germs from spreading. I even use them to wipe off my stove and microwave and fridge handles. Anything that gets grimy... I use these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. Especially the wipes. I use them to tidy up in between regular cleanings. And they are easy and accessible to grab, use, and dispose. And I appreciate how they sanitize, so when my grandchildren comes over, I know my house will be clean enough for them to play in. Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a fabulous cleaning product. I use them to clean in the bathrooms and in the kitchen. Being a mom of a 3 year means I use these wipes frequently. I also use them after someone in my home has been sick to sanitize everything from the computer moss to door knobs! I love these wipes!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox product help make my Saturday cleaning easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nothing smells as clean as clothes after they've been washed and dried using Clorox bleach. Our family has been using Clorox products for years to wash, disinfect and generally keep our home smelling fresh and germ free. We love all of the new innovations and try everything Clorox introduces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the quick clean up and disinfecting of Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a Lemon Clorox wipe container in every room of my house. I love this product. You can wipe up spills wipe away stains and it smells so lemony clean. This is my favorite go to Clorox product (besides Clorox Bleach - which is given). They are so convenient and you should definitely try them.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome product! I use and recommend Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are great especially during cold and flu season. They're pre-moistened, so it makes it easy to pull out a sheet and go to work. I use them on counter tops, the fridge and microwave door handles, and any surface that is touched by many hands (door knobs, light switches, etc.). This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love and appreciate Clorox Wipes for the simple fact that I have 3 kids two being little boys that can seem to get into every little thing. The wipes are convenient for all the little finger prints on everything and they disinfect. Any Clorox product is amazing but I love the wipes!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Clorox Disinfecting wipes for years now. They are so easy and convenient to use. Especially for quick messes. I also love to use them in my bathroom to clean and disinfect the sinks, toilets etc. They also have a light lemon scent which makes the bathroom smell nice! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the smell of this one and Clorox is streak free!!', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox Brand is like no other. You don't notice the difference until you purchase a GENERIC BRAND of Bleach and Bleach Cleaners That you see what a MAJOR DIFFERENCE BETWEEN THE DIFFERENT PRODUCTS. BY ALL MEANS IT'S WORTH THE PRICE DIFFERENCE BETWEEN GERNIC NAME AN THE CLOROX NAME This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these for the everyday wipe down of all surfaces in my home that are frequently touched. I love that one side if rough for the areas that really need a good scrub. I feel more confident that I have killed the germs that can be spread on contact when I use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes.', {'entities': [(266, 272, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes. I currently have 4 canisters in my home and use them for everything! Also have the to go packs in the diaper bag and car. Powerful clean with a scent that lingers reassuring a disinfectant clean. All the scents are great, but my favorite is the lemon scented one. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Lemon Clorox disinfecting wipes are very convenient. I like to keep a container in my car. I know they clean and disinfect and smell good, too. I can trust the Clorox name brand because they have quality products. Some off brands try to imitate the products, but they just aren't as good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love these wipes. It is important to me that they are disinfecting and knowing that they are made by Clorox makes me feel safe. I enjoy this scent and also the Lavender one. Great for a quick sanitizing clean up of the kitchen or bathroom. You know it is clean and smells good too!!', {'entities': [(110, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Its so handy to just use a wipe and be done with it, and you know its disinfecting! :) Clorox is a name I've trusted all of my life, and doing my kids laundry and cleaning the kitchen/bath, I know I'm using a great product that works and whitens also. Clorox is a name to be trusted! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(87, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox wipes for years and I absolutely love them! I use them for petty much every room in my house. Tried other brands of wipes, but none compare!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using Clorox disinfecting wipes gives me the peace of mind that my surfaces are disinfected after using them! I love the smell and use them everywhere in my house. I highly recommend them for your door knobs, kitchen counters, bathroom counters, laudry room surfaces, and anywhere you have germs!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("No one wants to spend any more time cleaning than necessary and the Clorox wipes makes cleaning and sanitizing your surfaces a breeze. Just pop out a couple wipes, run them over your counters and appliances then toss em in the trash and in the time it took me to type this you're done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(68, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. I keep a container in every bathroom and the kitchen. With 4 kids 4 and under life's messes need to be cleaned quickly and well. Used them tonight for one of those nice moments lol. But seriously, they make keeping the house clean everyday possible. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes to disinfect and clean the toys I keep at my house for my six-month old grandson. It's a handy way to know that what he puts in his mouth will be germ-free. I wipe all the toys clean with Clorox wipes, then rinse them off really well. Voila -- he has germ free toys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep this product in every room of my home so that I can wipe up spills that my kids or pets may make. I really love taking them with me in purse just in case my kids have to use the restroom in a public place. I know that they are protected from germs with my Clorox Handy Dandy wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(263, 269, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the perfect cleaning product for bathroom fixtures and for kitchen counters. I am very particular in both places about sanitation. The wipes are handy and allow me to clean up quickly with assurance that things are as germ-free as I can get them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a product I would not change for anything. It works well for many things. I use it for everything I feel I need to really clean. I also know that when I clean with Clorox, it makes me feel good. It makes me feel as though things are cleaner than clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox Wipes since they were put out on the shelves. Using the wipes saves time and money, when compared to using a spray cleaner and papertowels. The name Clorox along reassures me that the surfaces that I wipe down will be clean and free of germs.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always use my Clorox wipes to clean kitchen surfaces when I am handling any type of raw meat - I know I won't have to worry about leaving behind any nasty germs after using the wipes. This is one of many uses but my favorite to keep my kitchen surfaces germ free", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my go to product when cleaning the kitchen, bathroom vanity, doorknobs, light switches, computers, phones, anything that comes into contact with humans! Bacteria, looks like you're in a loosing battle, because with Clorox, I've got a weapon you can't beat.", {'entities': [(223, 229, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great product!! Very good prices and I just love the functionality of all Clorox products. I use them all the time. With a 2 and 9 year old, this product is beyond useful. and it makes me feel good to know, that whatever I'm cleaning will actually be clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(74, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are awesome. They have many uses. I use them to wipe up stains on the floor and to disinfect counter tops. I love the ease of use and the ability to throw the germs away instead of using a rag that leaves the germs trapped in the rag. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes because they are effective they smell great! I hate having to clean the bathroom. Its where the most germs are but when i have a Clorox wipe in my hand, i feel like the germs are getting stuck in it not going on my hand. I just love them :)', {'entities': [(148, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My favorite thing about Clorox wipes is the convenience! My husband takes a package in his work bag and cleans the steering wheels of the trucks he drives. This means he's not bringing home as many germs as before!! Hopefully we will keep healthy this winter! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With a very large dog and a messy husband I have lots of dirty messes to clean up. Clorox disinfecting wipes are super convinient and easy to use. They do a great job cleaning up messes and they even leave a nice scent. Wouldn't know what to do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My local library buys this product. I am glad to find this available to clean the PC area whenever I borrow their public computers. One towel cleans germs away and the fragrance is not overwhelming. I buy the biogredable Clorox Greenworks so had yet tried this.', {'entities': [(221, 227, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for my kitchen, my bathrooms, my door handles, my kid's toys! It gets the dirt off in one wipe! It makes my house smell fresh and there is no overwhelming smell of bleach! I love these wipes for just about anything in my home!", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried several other brand and non brand wipes and in my opinion non of them compare to Clorox Disinfecting Wipes when it comes to ease of use, noticeable cleaning power, and disinfecting around my kitchen. If you haven't tried them you really should! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting wipes at work for daily cleaning at my desk. This flu season has not been pleasant - especially when you work in a call center. I feel better knowing my space is disinfected and smells good, I even have a go-pack... just in case! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I make my sons baby food and I love using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for the counters. I also have my nieces and nephew over often. They love to play with my son's toys. Its so easy to clean the toys after they leave to help prevent the spread of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use during touch up cleaning, not deep cleaning. I enjoy using them for on the spot messes. Side note for the website...how is my nickname ,Jay, too short to use to submit Apparently my nickname needs to be at least 4 letters This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they allow my son to help with the cleaning. I know that if he uses Clorox Wipes it is clean, disinfected and spells clean!!! Thank you for such a convenient product that helps mom get the chores finished and onto other things. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love having many tubs of Clorox wipes around the house because they are so convenient and clean well (especially for those I'm in a hurry jobs). I sent some off with my daughter when she left for college as they are a must have. I think they're great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes, I am really thinking about putting some in my purse for when I go anywhere. I love how great they work and how wonderful they smell. But most of all I love that they kill germs. I use them on everything to keep my family healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the way Clorox cleans and smells, (as long as you don't go overboard)! When my counters get stained, I just spread a little bleach on it and wala!! it's good again as well as everything else that is clean, deodorized and disinfected . Love it.!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are a great disinfectant and germ killer. I always feel my house is clean when I use Clorox Wipes. I have Clorox wipes in 3 bathrooms, kitchen and play area. I believe when family members are sick Clorox Wipes will keep the germs from spreading.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a two year old these are a great product for disinfecting things in a flash! You can use them on counter tops, door knobs, little spills here and there, toys everything! You name it and it can be used on it I am sure! We love Clorox wipes in our house!', {'entities': [(231, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes make my life much easier!! i us them every day in my kitchen and nursery. i also use them all the time in the bathroom and my salon. i just feel like doin that extra wipe down makes my house fresher. i will always use my wipes!!!!!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes not only disinfect, but they also remove dirt. I have bought other cleaning wipes but they do not clean near as great as these Clorox disinfecting wipes. On top of all these, the wipes have a great scent which leave the house smelling wonderful!', {'entities': [(139, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Wipes are my go-to when it comes to everyday cleaning in my kitchen, bathroom, and living room. I feel confident in their cleaning power, particularly on my kitchen countertops. They're incredibly easy to use and I'm very pleased with them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a 7 yr old boy who has his friends at my house often. Clorox wipes are the only brand that I trust to disenfect my house (especially after a play date!!). They are so convenient and I like to have wipes in every room of our house. Thanks Clorox!!', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use clorox disinfecting wipes on a daily basis for a quick bathroom wipe down between heavy cleanings.I also use them to wipe down kitchen counters, kitchen table,door handles, and telephones They are very convenient! I love Clorox disinfecting wipes!', {'entities': [(227, 233, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work at a resort and I don't know what I'd do without these. I use them to clean the restroom toilet rims. Cleans quickly, without having to waste a paper towel to dry it off. The scent makes the whole bathroom smell clean and fresh. Thank You Clorox!", {'entities': [(246, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a toddler son and Clorox wipes have become a staple in my household. I keep a container in my bathrooms, kitchen and car because my toddler explores the world with his mouth and the Clorox wipes are convenient and disinfects with one wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so convenient and an super easy way to clean up after the kiddos! They leave my counters and floor looking fabulous! These are huge time saver. Thanks for making a product that is easy to use and works great every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is another great product from Clorox. It is so convenient and wonderful for disinfecting and deodorizing just about any room in my home. I always use them during and after I cook raw meat. These just help to keep my house clean and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is simply put.....amazing. I have tried all disenfecting wipes including lysol and many others. No other product compares to Clorox. I love the smell, the way it deep cleans. I am not afraid to use this product around my children or pets.', {'entities': [(138, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are always the best when it comes to and easy and quick solution to any mess. From cleaning around the toilet and other plumbing fixtures to even getting on your hands and knees to scrub the bathroom floors, I always use Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting wipes are a great value from a trusted brand and a must have with children. I love that they are easy to use, convenient to carry where ever you go. Clorox wipes makes surface clean ups so easy.I love the great clean fragrance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE All of the Clorox Disinfecting wipes. They work great for cleaning the bathroom, kitchen and whatever else I need to get done. I always make sure that we are stocked up on these wipes especially since I have young kids in the house.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This wipe is fabulous for quick wipes. Whether it be to clean a sink after a morning of kiddo teach brushes or a good scrub, the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the way to go. They are quick ,and convenient . A must have for every bathroom and kitchen.', {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 4 kids and 3 dogs I use Clorox wipes more than I use any other cleaning product in my home. I believe I use more wipes than laundry soap and that is saying a lot since 42 pairs of jeans, 44 shirts, 6 uniforms, and tons of socks are washed weekly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've gotten my 8 year old to finally be ok with cleaning the bathroom as long as he's able to use the Clorox wipes... we're both borderline germaphobes so it's great to have a product that I know is cleaning, plus have a great scent to leave behind", {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these throughout my house daily. With two young boys, there is always something that needs to be cleaned and disinfected. These wipes are convienent and easy to use in the kitchen and bathroom. We even use them when traveling. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(241, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using these wipes in my kitchen. When I cook chicken or eggs I always clean my counter with Clorox wipes. I know that I don't have to worry about salmonella after I use them. The lemon scent slightly takes away from the typical bleach smell.", {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I simply cannot live without Clorox wipes. I have two kids and two dogs. I clean kitchen and bathroom surfaces multiple times a day and don't have time to spray and get out a cleaning cloth every time. I save so much TIME by using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love all of Clorox products. It's the only thing I really trust for that deep down clean. It's flu season and I find Clorox wipes to be very convenient and I know that it's killing germs. Thank you for making such high quality products CLOROX This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Simply the best wipes on the market. I've tried a number of brands and they all come in a distant second to Clorox wipes. They cut my cleaning time in half and disinfects in the process. I love this product and would never use anything else! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(108, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes!! They smell amazing, and I trust that they are getting rid of all the nasty germs I can't see! Having a toddler running around, it's important to me to know I am killing most of the surface germs in one easy swipe!! EASY!!", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a toddler and a baby on the way. I like Clorox wipes to use on the go for wiping off highchairs and all over in hotel rooms. I also use them at home for wiping off door handles and remotes periodically especially after we've had a cold. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have 2 grandsons age 5 and twin boy girl 10 month old grandchildren. We are always grabbing a Clorox wipe. With teething comes drooling, with 5 year old boys is the sneezing and coughing on anything and everything. Clorox to the rescue, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the disinfecting wipes everywhere I know theres bacteria. I am a mother of two and need to make sure my children dont get sick from all the bacteria in this world. So I confide in the use of Clorox disinfecting wipes when I clean my house.', {'entities': [(197, 203, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes for many reasons! Wipes are so quick and easy to use. I even leave a canister under my son's sink for him to use as needed. They do an excellent job of cleaning and I enjoy the lemon scent. It freshens up the area nicely! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the wipes because I am on the go all the time. This convience along with a refreshing scent works great for me. I know that I am getting a clean home because of the Clorox name. I just love this product. I keep it in my home all the time.', {'entities': [(172, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are my favorite brand when it comes to cleaning wipes. The lysol brand has too strong of an odor that affects my husband who has asthma. I also love clorox cleaning wipes because it's the only way my husband will clean.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the small travel size of Clorox wipes! I now can keep them in my car, purse suitcase when I travel. I do not have to worry about spills or them drying out. There is just enough in each package to do a job when I am on the go! Thanks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutely believe in Clorox Products! Clorox is worth every penny when it comes to the value of cleanliness, stain remover, disinfects, deodorizes, easy to use wipes, and the convenience of the canister. Definitely recommend this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes in my kitchen! I wipe my counters, microwave, fridge, and stove daily with a wipe(s), and feel that I am helping to keep my family healthier. I also use these wipes on doorknobs and light switches. They are wonderful!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this product in the Kitchen and in our Bathrooms! I love the fact that it cleans and smells great and I don't have to use strong chemicals since I am expecting our Second Child and have a 4yr old running around the house! Thanks Clorox!", {'entities': [(235, 241, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a new puppy in the house I have lots to clean up after. From accidents to the mess he leaves on the floor after meal time, having Clorox Wipes around makes for an easy and quick clean up. And I am confident that germs and smells are gone.', {'entities': [(135, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a mother of two (one being a baby) I simply can't live without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I use them every day and all over the house to clean up spills and to disinfect when germs come in from school. Love the clean smell. Love the product", {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes every day - in the kitchen - in the bathroom - in the laundry room - they are so convienent and do a great job! I have three small grandchildren and I feel everything is clean and germ free for them when I use Clorox Wipes', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The state of MN allows licensed daycare providers to use Clorox wipes to disinfect our diaper changing stations which have to be done numerous times a day. The wipes are super convienent and work perfectly to make the job not so tedious. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have trusted Clorox for years to keep my surfaces clean and my children healthier. In the past, I have purchased other brands on sale only to be disappointed time and time again. When it comes to my family Clorox is the brand I trust. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the wipes a lot at work. I work in a field with majority men. They never clean behind themselves. Leaving it for me to do. Having the Clorox Wipes handy really works wonders. Our work area stays clean and disinfected. Way to go Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(140, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("From cleaning kitchen counters to doorknobs to bathrooms, this does it all. Leaves surfaces spotless, beautiful, and smelling great. I wouldn't recommend any other brand. For a quick, easy, sparkling clean Clorox wipes are the way to go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(206, 212, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After reviewing the Clorox products, I have come to one conclusion: there is nothing out there like it. I have tried many other brands of cleansers but always come back to Clorox. Nothing seems to clean and disinfect better than Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! They are so easy and convenient to use! I love how they disinfect all surfaces! What a great product! I don't know what I did before this product was ever invented, but I am glad they are available now! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always buy Clorox bleach for my laundry. We use generic products a lot of the time but the generic bleach just doesn't work as well. I also think Clorox smells better. You would think bleach smells like bleach but it smells cleaner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. I look for products that are easy to use and get the job done in a timely manner so I can get back to my kids Clorox wipes are just that. Its fast acting, easy to use and I know whatever I use it on will be clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use Clorox wipes. I use them at work all the time from cleaning my desk to using them in the bathroom they are easy to use and they smell great. They make my office smell great and they keep us all protected from all the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use my Clorox wipes all over the house. I keep some in my bathrooms and in my kitchen. When I need to wipe something quickly they are always within reach and I know that not only am I wiping the visible mess but am killing unwanted germs.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean up those everyday messes that happen in any household. It is quick and easy just to grab one and wipe. I know using the Clorox wipes that whatever the mess was my surface is now clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They are quick and easy to keep on hand. They clean and disinfect when and where you need them. Home, office, or purse. I always have them with me. You never know when you will need to tidy up and freshen an area. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. They are easy to use for a quick clean, and I don't feel like I have to put on junky cleaning clothes for a quick wipe down. They smell wonderful and truly make a room feel fresh. Great product with disinfecting power! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are easy to use, convienient, they disinfect and are decently reasonable in price. I have a big family and I use them(and all clorox products) religiously because we cant have someone sick. Good job clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting wipes at home for the kitchen, bathroom, doorknobs, etc. and at work to clean the inside of my police car! I am comfortable using the Clorox brand because I know that my environment will be clean and disinfected!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a women, wife, mom and nurse. I cannot live without Clorox Wipes Lemon. It's a everyday must have for me! It's a all-in-one product, that cleans, disinfect and deodorize ! So convenient for the modern day woman....Thank You !!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The disinfection wipes are my absolute favorite Clorox product. They are so easy to use plus the disinfect any area, I love to wipe my counter tops off after preparing raw meats, wipe the door knobs in my house and bathroom fixtures. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox disinfecting wipes at home, at work, and when I take my children out to public places. I really love their cleaning power and the refreshing scent they leave after I've used them. They are a staple product in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have several cats who love to get up on my counters. Without Clorox disinfecting wipes I would not be able to prepare mealswithout worrying about what or who was up there. Clorox wipes give me the comfort level Ii requre in my kitchen.', {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes for everything.Not only do I feel that they do a great cleaning job but they also leave a wonderful smell wherever you use them.Also very handy in the car. I recommend them to everyone.It's a nice easy clean up.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use clorox lemon wipes in my house and I send them to my childrens' school. They work wonders and leave my house smelling clean and fresh. I use them in the bathroom, kitchen and all over the house to kill germs! Great Product Clorox!!", {'entities': [(229, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes Lemon, no matter what kind of food my son has on his play table, all it takes is a couple of wipes and the mess is cleaned up, I also love Clorox Wipes Lemon, because my girls find it easier to clean up the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the way it Cleans! I have severe arthritis for years and using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes helps make the cleaning around the house much easier and knowing it is cleaning bacteria is a plus. Thank you for providing this product!', {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox. I put it in a spray bottle with water and begin cleaning my house. I love to smell the scented one on my clothes. when I am in the bed I love to smell my sheets when they have just been washed that same day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using these disinfectant wipes for years now and I've been very happy with the results. I would recommend Clorox disinfectant wipes (Lemon scent) to family friends the scent is refreshing the results never disappoint! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes for everything in my home and office. I have also sent a supply to college for my daughters to use in their dorms. The wipes are a quick clean and keep everything smelling and looking fresh. Thanks Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have an autoimmune illness that makes my immune system not function properly so staying healthy is a top priority. Whenever someone in my house gets sick, I clean every surface with my Clorox wipes. Thank you for helping to keep me healthy!', {'entities': [(187, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My two kids and my husband ALL got the flu at the same time. I however did not, and I think these Clorox wipes helped a lot! I stashed a bottle in every room so I could do a quick wipe down before tending to the next persons needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of use and multipurpose of the Clorox disinfectant wipes. I can wipe down kitchen counters and move through the entire bathroom in no time at all. I know without a doubt that my surfaces are clean and safe for the kids!', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox Wipes because they are easier than sprays. They offer just the right amount of solution in a convenient wipe that gives me peace of mind that my surfaces are clean and always leaves the area smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 2 kids, ages 3 and 1, Clorox wipes is my go to for cleaning! I clean everything with them, including the kids! In a household that is always getting dirty, I know I can rely on Clorox to get the job done right the first time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean my kitchen table. This table is used for dining, making crafts, studying and more. It needs an effective wipe that can quickly get the grim off. So that's why I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE Clorox disinfecting wipes. Fresh and Lemon are my faves, but they all are great. I keep a canister in all my bathrooms, the kitchen, and the laundry room. They are perfect for quick touch-ups and everyday cleaning.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Being the grandmother of 4 boys under the age of 5 calls for a lot clean ups. Clorox Wipes are my go to wipe. They clean, disinfect, and very convenient to use. I just wipe and toss! They are the main item in my Boo-Boo Bucket! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I teach preschool and these are the greatest things to keep the germs away! I use them on my tables, the walls, the counters, and even in the bathroom! My classroom wouldn't function as well if I didn't have my trusty Clorox wipes!", {'entities': [(218, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes!! They help clean up quick messes. Also I like to use them on things I know get a lot of germs (doorknobs, light switches, and etc. ) They help keep my house looking clean without a lot of work This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love all Clorox products. I just don't get that clean feeling when I use any other products. The wipes are easy to use, easy to dispose of, and when you've got 5 kids making random messes. they're handy little life savers! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. I use them for so many household cleaning chores. From counter tops to door knobs to telephones to toilets and more. You get the idea. I find them to be so convenient to use for so many things. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to be a glass cleaner and paper towel kinda girl and now I use Clorox wipes everywhere in my house. These help me be environmentally smart because I would have used tons of paper towels in its place. Great product! love it!', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! I actually checked stain remover because I even use it on my microfiber couch some times with it has marks on it! I love that this product disinfects and sanitizes, and it is so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always have Clorox disinfecting wipes in stock at home. They are easy to use, even my children can use them! They do a good job cleaning and disinfecting door knobs, and light switches, and more! I can't live without them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always trusted and loved Clorox. With a baby on the way i find myself using them all the time! I know the germs are away and i dont have to worry about it! I've never been let down with any clorox product i've ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We go through so many Clorox wipes a day, with a household of seven, we have to keep our home sanitized. Clorox wipes are so easy to use and very convenient for all areas in my household. Thank you for this amazing product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox wipes. They clean up well, even dried on stuff in the kitchen. I love the original lemon scent. It just makes it smell clean! I keep one in every bathroom and underneath the kitchen sink. The best thing ever!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Talk about a multi-tasking clean-it-all. The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes remove germs, bacteria, kitchen grease, and countless other nasties you find lurking in your home. Thats multi-surface and multi-mess, all in one wipe.thanks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have my Clorox wipes on my kitchen counter at all times. I never feel as though my counter is clean until I wipe it down with Clorox wipes. It is easy, and I feel comfortable cooking on the counter becasue I know it is clean.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes in my bathroom for all my cleaning. I feel that it is cleaner and less germs. They are also handy in the kitchen. I feel like my kitchen is cleaner when I use Clorox wipes plus they handle kitchen grease. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are easy to use and they smell great! The ONLY thing I don't like is when you get to the end of the container and there is still a lot of liquid and you have to squeeze the wipe so it doesn't drip. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am constantly using Clorox, whether it is the bathroom cleaner or for doing laundry. I carry the disinfecting wipes in my purse and they always come in handy! These will also be stocking stuffers for Christmas! Thank you This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a mom of twin toddlers, these are a must have in our home (and even in our vehicle when we are on the go)! Store brands have never matched up to the quality and wonderful clean scents of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(190, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a baker and my counter tops need to stay clean and fresh. Clorox does just that. It keeps my counter tops germ free while keeping the air scented with hints of lemon. I suggest you run out and try this product today. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my absolute favorite cleaning product that I use around my house. I use them in every room, almost every surface from the kitchen to the bathroom. They are easy to use, convenient and clean amazingly well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great to have around the house. I keep one canister in each bathroom and one in the kitchen. Great for quick clean ups and to just wipe down door knobs light switches, etc. for germs and during flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are great, easy convenient. They get rid of the germs to give peace and mind. These wipes clean up messes in the kitchen Bath Great! The fresh scent leaves my house feeling fresh clean. I love Clorox Wipes!!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox for a long time.Started ever since my mother taught me how to clean. Clorox does what it says it will do. In this day and age of germs it is the best defense. Thank you for sticking around Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is faithfully used in our home. It whitens any surface and removes stains from many fabrics. Awesome at disinfecting and deodorizing. Best product by far. Wipes, liquid and toilet cleansers are my favorite. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox disinfecting wipes! I have an autoimmune disease and my immune system attacks itself if any virus presents itself in my home! I use this product every day to wipe down my kitchen and bathroom surfaces! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the convenience of cleaning with Clorox wipes. One quick swipe and you're done. I also love cleaning the exterior of the toilet with the disinfecting wipes. I clean with them and throw the germs and mess away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Working with children at our church, the Clorox wipes come in handy! Little hands, big germs... it's nice to know that we can wipe our tables and have the assurance that we are starting with a clean slate each week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! As someone who is a bit of a neat freak and has young children, these are great for a quick clean without the hassle of a sponge and cleaner. I use it on counters, door handles, and other surfances.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE LOVE LOVE my Clorox wipes! They store so easily and are always conveniently located so I can quickly grab one to clean the counters or any messes I, or my kids, make. Don't know what I would do without them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son is in college and they seem to get sick a lot. We started using the Clorox wipes in his dorm room and he's one of the few that hasn't been sick since. Not only do they clean but the also keep people healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes have been my go to brand sanitizing wipes for several years now. I always stock up on clorox wipes because i have kids in the home and it helps when cleaning the house to disinfect things. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in Lemon Scent. It's an effective way to clean with a great scent AND doesn't harm my skin like other cleaning products do. It's conveniently packaged and easy to reach for and use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox Disinfectant wipes. My daughter is special needs and EYERYTHING is in her mouth. I love the ease of the wipes and the scent is a pleasant reminder that clean does not have to smell like a hospital. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best thing to use when cleaning and disinfecting around my home. My kids are constantly spilling or making things a disaster. Clorox wipes are convenient and clean up the mess in a very quickly way. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox wipes are an excellent product. I can use them with confidence and know that what I am cleaning will be thoroughly cleaned and sanitized when I use them. They are convenient to use and great quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love and trust the Clorox brand. Compared to some other store brands, these wipes are larger in size and well worth the cost! Always have a few of the wipes to-go in my purse to clean icky surfaces for my toddler :)', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes. I use them everyday. My bathrooms and kitchen smell fresh and clean everyday. They are so easy to use, that even my husband will use them when he makes a mess. Gotta love that! Thank you Clorox!!', {'entities': [(207, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We keep the Clorox wipes handy in the kitchen and bathroom. Use them for quick clean ups and daily counter wipe downs. He lemon ones smell fresh without overpowering bleach. Also think using them cuts down on germs!', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I work in a fast paced environment where accidents happen often. The time I have to clean the work space is limited, I choose Clorox products because they are quick, easy, and convenient plus they clean so well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(126, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the lemon fresh smell it leaves. I know that what ever I use the Clorox wipe it will be clean. It is extremely important since my son is in the process of getting chemotherapy. Must have a germ free home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having Clorox wipes in the kitchen as I am cooking. I always worry about cross contamination with raw meat and I can easily wipe down spices and put them back as I am cooking while spicing up my dishes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox wipes! We keep them in the car for outings to the grocery store. They always come in handy for wiping down grocery carts ect. We always have them in the kitchen for a quick clean up when cooking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used Clorox products in our family since i was little girl. My grandparents and parents as well as aunts and uncles swear by it for disinfecting and cleaning just about everything in the house and car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox disinfecting wipes for the longest time and i don't plan on stopping. I use it all around my apartment and it cleans up really well. I have even bought the traveling pack to take where ever i go.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I clean house and take care of two pre-school boys for a living. Clorox wipes (as well as the toilet wand!) are my go-to for disinfecting the bathroom. What a great way to keep my little charges germ-free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(65, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love the versatility of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. We can use them anywhere, anytime to clean and disinfect. They cut threw tough stains and even molds, and they hold together well during vigorously scrubbing.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are my absolute favorite tool for quick bathroom cleaning. Wiping down faucets, counters, handles, the toilet seat, EVERYTHING, with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes equals easy clean ups!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Handy on the go, in the classroom, or in my home, I purchase Clorox wipes as a quick way to disinfect surfaces from germs and grime. Given the Clorox reputation, I am confident that the product is effective! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you want something on the go this is for you! If you have a messy child and makes small spills, Clorox wipes are excellent to do the clean up. They leave a nice smell afterwards yet does the job of disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a school nurse so I use Clorox wipes every day! They are my best friend at cleaning up all those yucky viruses left behind by my students! I love that they clean, disinfect and deodorize all in one step. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't say enough about how much I love Clorox wipes in an elementary classroom. They wipe up desks, tables, counters, and so on. I feel so great when I am done wiping down the room. It smells lemony fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! I use it all the time -in the kitchen, shower, bathroom, and bedroom. I need more coupons though because it is expensive however, I pay the higher price because of the quality of the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Clorox wipes for a long time know and use them often. I love the convenience of them. They clean up after big or little messes effectively and with ease. I would recommend these products to anyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Lemon Clorox Wipes for years to clean the sink in my bathroom and kitchen. They are easy and economical. After your finished cleaning you just throw them away. Can't get any easier than that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox products all my life, there definitely a staple in my home. It gives me comfort of knowing my home is clean smells fresh after using your products. Thanks keep of the great work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a Clorox user of 20 years and wouldn't trust my laundry or counter tops to anything else, love the fact that it cleans so well disinfects with a fresh smell, I even carry a can of Clorox wipes in my car! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All of the Clorox disinfecting wipes are great on most surfaces. I like the smell of the Lemon the best. It can wipe a greasy stove top clean in just a few swipes. I use them in the kitchen and bathroom regularly.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox makes cleaning way easier around the house for myself. I love how easy it is to wipe and disinfect counter tops or even on my leather seats in my car. I would highly recommend this to a friend of mines. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox clean-up in my kitchen all the time and love the power of it. I use the wipes because of their disinfecting power. I work with kids every day and need the power of bleach and Clorox is my choice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With children in school, viruses can run through our home pretty fast. I use the Clorox wipes and spray and it really does help to kill the nasty bacteria that can ruin your day. I wouldn't use anything else! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a teacher and a mother and I use Clorox wiped in my classroom and my home. They help keep myself, my students, and my children germ free! they also leave my home and classroom smelling fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Finally, a product that is easy to use, convenient AND it works! I use Clorox Wipes for almost every surface in my home and would recommend them to everyone. Especially good for those quick clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(71, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They are so handy for cleaning up quick messes and I know the area will be disinfected too. I do not usually like many scents, but I love the lemon. It is refreshing, but not overpowering.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! I use them everywhere, kitchen, bath, and toys. Any hard surface, after someone is sick in my house has to be wiped down. I love using these because they disinfect and are easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all of the Clorox products. They all work the best and get the job done right! My favorite are the Clorox wipes so easy to use and great disinfectants with little ones. Thank you for a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried a variety of disinfecting wipes, but none compare to the Clorox brand. Not only do they get the job done, but they smell so fresh and clean. They are, by far, the best around! Highly recommended!', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the ONLY way to clean on a daily basis, but especially when your loved ones have been sick! We use these in our home in order to not spread germs, and with 5 children we definitely need them!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are so convenient! I keep one canister in my car, one in each bathroom, one in the kitchen...and I regularly give them to teachers for holiday gifts! They're always appreciated! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the lemony smell and the fact that it kills germs on contact. There isn't anything that comes close to effectiveness of Clorox brand products. I will always be forever faithful to my Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(127, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You can always count on the power of Clorox. It has the only real fresh scent that lasts. Useing Clorox is a guarantee it is getting done right the first time, you never are left guessing if it is clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox wipes for a very long time they are great have also used Clorox bleach in my Whites works very well you could buy cheaper but would have to use more so I say stick with the best Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for years and love this product. The Lemon fresh scent is our favorite. I feel like my counters are clean after using this product. It's great for everyday cleaning.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for everything! I love how convenient they are and how good of a job they do. I love that after I use them I can just toss them instead of having a towel that I have to wash.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When it is cough and cold season I can always count on Clorox disinfecting wipes to cut down on my kids spreading germs around on the surface of my counters and door knobs by using the Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Wipes in my classroom to clean desks and other frequently used objects. With hundreds of students in and out of my classroom daily, it's important to disinfect and clean EVERYTHING. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love love love Clorox products!!!!! Its the only cleaning supplies I use in my home and will continue to for years to come..... I always recommend my family and friends to use Clorox and Clorox only... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in the kitchen and dining room to make sure that these areas are germ free before and after eating and cooking. They are a quick and easy way to clean and disinfect.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these on just about every hard surface in my house. They're awesome in the bathroom, kitchen, or to wipe off door handles and light switches. I have tried other brands but always come back to Clorox.", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I clean everything I can with the Clorox Wipes. They are so easy to use and disinfects as I wipe clean! I leave some in my bathroom and when I have guests they can wipe the seat if they would like to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Clorox products to disinfect areas in my home. My mother used Clorox in the wash to further whiten the whites and I kinda of grew up with this product. Clorox is part of my cleaning routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the brand I trust the most when cleaning up after my 14 month old son the wipes are great for his to toys high chair and even the future. I love how clean everything smells after using them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love using Clorox products because I know they are giving me a good clean. I can feel comforted when my 1 year old wanders into the bathroom that my bathroom is as clean as I could possibly make it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox Lemon Disinfecting Wipes. They do a good, non-smeary job with kitchen messes. They give me confidence that my counters are germ-free zones. Plus love the lemony fragrance. It smells clean!', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE, LOVE, LOVE Clorox wipes. I use them to wipe down everything in the kitchen, bathroom, and laundry room. They're so quick and easy to use and I can trust that everything is clean and disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes is a way of life around our house! I use them everyday cleaning, especially in the bathroom. The simplicity of pulling a wipe out, using it, and throwing it away is so handy!', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I use them in my bathrooms, kitchen and on other hard surfaces such as doorknobs, to remove germs and grime and help keep my family healthy. They are convenient and a great value. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('as a teacher I am always cleaning something. Clorox wipes are a must. They are the fastest and easiest thing to use. I always need a quick fix that I know will clean. I request these wipes every year This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('this product always disinfects and brighten s my home. also the lemon scent is wonderful, a lot of other products smell terrible but not Clorox. I would definably recommend this to friend and family This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(137, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. We use them everywhere in our house. Great for kitchen, bathroom , kids toys, dining table, etc.. My kids love to help with clean up and this is a easy to use product that they love.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox Wipes since they came out and I have to say that I love them. There is nothing easier than just grabbing a wipe to clean up a quick spill or clean your stove after cooking dinner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes makes my cleaning so easy. From small spills or big disinfecting cleaning jobs these wipes are very helpful. I use these wipes in every room, my car, and at work at my desk.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean the wood top tables in our art room once a month. They are excellent in removing acrylic paint, paper mache, clay, markers, and crayon from the surfaces.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only use Clorox Disinfecting wipes when I clean. They are easy to use and I don't have to waste paper towels to wipe when I use the spray cleaner. They clean well and make my home smell clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to keep my family healthy, especially during the winter season when flu is on the rise. I also love to use Clorox liquid in my towels for that clean fresh scent of summertime. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently bought the Clorox wipes for the first time and I LOVE them! They are easy to use and have a wonderful scent. Perfect for quick, effortless clean up! You have a new customer and fan!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes because I am able to clean up messes and know that I am disinfecting them at the same time. I can rest assured knowing that my surfaces are free from germs and viruses. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes, because they are very effective in getting the job done and they are very convenient. Leave them in the bathroom so everyone can easily clean up after they have used the room! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday. I love that I can trust them to clean the dirt and KILL the germs. I love the convenience of the wipe. No dirty towels or sponges left behind to hold the germs and mess.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great to take with you on trips as they are handy in the car, for spills, clothes, hotel rooms, etc. Helps to remove stains and they are easy to use. Love the product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are what I use most frequently. I find them useful for just about everything. I keep a container on every floor. I've been using Clorox products for as a long as I can remember. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! They are my life savers! They have manage to get anything and everything dirty even if they are dried up stains or dirt! Clorox Wipes have manage to create miracles in my home!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having these wipes on hand. With the trusted name like Clorox I feel good about every light switch and door knob I wipe down during cold and flu season....Clorox wipes give me peace of mind.', {'entities': [(62, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the ease of taking the to go packs with me any where I go. When we go on vacation, I wipe everything down with a Clorox wipe before anyone is allowed to touch anything or unpack anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(118, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox because I know it will kill all germs that are in my home. I also love Clorox bleach because it brightens all over whites, it cleans my house very well! Keep up the great work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have 2 teenage sons, so their bathroom gets wiped down regularly with the Clorox wipes. They leave the sink shining and disinfected. With one suffering from allergies and asthma, this means a lot! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great way to speed up the cleaning process. They are easy to use and can be used on a variety of surfaces. I love the fresh smell left behind after using these wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes as they clean very well, my favorite part though is that they smell amazing. I wish Clorox would produce a bottled cleaner with the fragrance used for the green label wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this product numerous times. As seasons change and my family becomes ill, I can always count on the Clorox brand to disinfect and deodorize to minimize the spread of the flu virus. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They are super easy to use, so I always keep them in the bathroom and in the kitchen, so that i can be ready at all times to clean up a mess when it happens! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my go to when it comes to cleaning and disinfecting just about any surface in my house. Having 4 kids, I depend on Clorox Wipes to keep my home bug free and the kids healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because of their powerful cleaning ability. They are easy to use and easy to find at a variety of locations. It's a product that I keep on hand at all times! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been around for as long as I can remember. These wipes are quick and convenient by a brand I trust to clean and sanitize kitchen, bathroom or any surface to kill germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I keep a tube in each of the bathrooms and in the kitchen. I love the convenience of just pulling out a wipe and cleaning multiple surfaces. Clorox wipes are the best!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Lemon wipes for my kitchen and bathroom. Cleans and disinfects great and smells wonderful. I have this in my kitchen and all my bathrooms. Couldn't do without it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are so convenient and easy to use. Love all Clorox products! Use in the laundry, kitchen and bathroom and make everything clean and fresh smelling!! Thank you for great products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily in my bathrooms. They are quick, easy, convenient, and smell good. I use them on the counter tops, sink, and toilet. They make cleaning the bathroom quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products have been in my Family for years My Mother and Grandma used clorox i love the smell or clorox in my bathroom and kitchen Thank You for having and excellent product! Lissette This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go to brand, even without coupons the prices on the disinfecting wipes is still very reasonable. I Love however when I am able to snag myself a coupon to sweeten my purchase!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am absolutely addicted to using the Clorox wipes. I've converted my mom and my grandmother too! They're so much easier and overall cost efficient compared to wasting so many paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My daughter has a rare bone marrow disease that makes getting rid of germs a MUST. I appreciate the ease of being able to grab a Clorox wipe and know I don't have to worry as much! Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have 3 children and with cold and flue season upon us, it's wonderful to wipe down everything with these wipes after all the kids are in bed. I love the Clorox wipes. Makes my job alot easier.", {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox bleach gets everything I have used it for sparkling white. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. I use them when I clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products! They work great in house with 3 messy kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great! They are so convenient and clean so well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are awesome! Cleans fabulously and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy it is to clean and disinfect with Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so awesome, I'll never use paper towels again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very easy for my children to use. I love that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for disinfecting desks in the classroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox.... You can use it for anything. Thank you clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. Makes the house and clothes smell great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the Clorox products. Easy to use and a good clean feeling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox, If you are not using Clorox, its not really cean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great! They are easy to use and so convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox!!! Use it all the time for cleaning everything!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother used Clorox, now I use it. Like Mother like Daughter This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are a smart, easy way to clean up almost any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products, especially their disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes because they are easy to use and work great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox comes in a variety of items that make cleaning easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the only trustworthy brand for me and my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. It makes my house smell and feel clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes cleans and disinfects its also great for the price This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use, smell great and are affordable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy the cleanliness I get after using the Clorox wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Clean up, it whitens and cleans my bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the cleaning feeling when I use Clorox clean up wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes! They make for easy and quick clean up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and help keep my house clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! It works great when you have kids and pets! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE Clorox wipes! They're so convenient and get the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a very good product I have been using Clorox for years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i can always count on Clorox to clean anything I need to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are the best, easiest way to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox products and will continue to do so. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Anything by Clorox always does the job and never disappoints! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes leave everything smelling clean and fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes do the job and help keep the bathroom clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they smell goo and leaves the surf clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a better product then most. I prefer to use Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Like Clorox wipes. Nice for home, camping, sporting events This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting wipes are the best and so convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox. I use it for everything in my house to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Really appreciate the convenience and power of Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox wipes for at least 10 years. Love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't live without the Clorox wipes. I use them EVERYDAY!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes they are awesome to use in the entire home This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes! They are great for quick clean ups! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Used Clorox my whole life and I've never been disappointed. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes daily, multiple times per day! Love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are the bomb and I can't live life without them This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is our favorite! We don't purchase anything else! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the smell of clean and that's what Clorox smell to me This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes as a main staple in my cleaning supplies! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust in the long standing Clorox name and always will. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the many of the Clorox products and trust them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox...It cleans it disinfects and it smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday to clean my home and classroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes and the Clorox toilet bowl cleaners This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my favorite brand to use to keep my home clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox products are well worth the money and works well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of my kitchen after I have used my Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would highly recommend using Clorox to any and everybody. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes! If it isn't Clorox, it isn't clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the convenience and efficiency of the Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes. So easy to use, just wipe and toss! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes... they work great and are easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox because it does exactly what it is suppose to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a good product. I use it to clean and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absoutely love Clorox Wipes, I use this all over my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Generations - My Family has been using Clorox for years... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are easy to use and convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always sure that things are truly clean with Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are convenient and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfects I use it for everything at home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best to clean up messes and kill germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love clorox, you know it is clean and fresh with Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(51, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a well known brand which lives to its quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They work great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are my FAVORITE! I clean with them everyday! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They disinfect and smells good too!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a fast and easy way to clean my kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so easy to use when I have a big mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products, especially during flu season :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Smells great and I know it's disinfecting because it's Clorox.", {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is simply the best cleaner and has been for years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('ilove to Clorox everything. you know it will be clean... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('never disappoints! use Clorox for all my cleaning needs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox helps keep my House clean and free of bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the clean, fresh smell after using Clorox Wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox always cleans awesome I use it on everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They make cleaning quick and easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and this is my favorite scent!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my fav. It is my go to for almost everything This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('awesome product... use Clorox everyday and always will This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox!!! Much better than the generic brands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is great for quick convenient way to disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is wonderful! I love how it whitens everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the Clorox wipe products so handy and easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Of the wipe cleaners I have tried, Clorox are my fav! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! Quick and easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is used very often in our house and we love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes it makes cleaning the kitchen bathroom easy!', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best product on the market for cleaning This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! They make cleaning so much easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Clorox because they work great on all surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes for everything. They are amazing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They are so convenient to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love These Wipes Clorox Clean Up. Use Them For Everthing', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes save me so much time when cleaning', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product. I know it is clean when I spell Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love this product! You can never go wrong with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are handy and powerful at killing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Your house isn't clean until you spray it with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love all Clorox products and the scents are amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! It Cleans very well and smells great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes smell good and are a great disinfectant This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have Clorox wipes and I am not afraid to use them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox and I use it in every part of my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great product that I use on a daily basis This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make my cleaning tasks so much easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes. Clean great and so convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox disinfecting wipes easy quick use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox brand. I know my things will be clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family loves the clean smell of Clorox cleaning products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love my Clorox wipes use them in between cleaning works great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are not only convenient, but powerful! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I want to make sure its clean I use Clorox wipes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. I use them on a daily basis This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. The lemon wipes work and smell great.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox to disinfect especially having a baby. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes because they are amazing cleaners! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this daily! I can't live with out my Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for wiping down surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('killing germs during flu season I can trust Clorox to help . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy the convenience and quality of Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how Clorox wipes clean and disinfect so well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I highly recommend using Clorox cleaning products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using the Clorox wipes for quick clean ups This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the smell and peace of mind when using Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Disinfecting wipes for quick cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are great! I use them all the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('how to keep a house clean with 2 Dobermans...Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox! Always buy it for my sanitizing needs, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products to help keep the house clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love he way Clorox disinfects and works on stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a staple in household cleaning products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox works great for those deep cleaning needs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. So convenient and they work great!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox products I don't buy any other Brand This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("What more can I say about Clorox It's the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox wipes to regularly disinfect my kitchen.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having Clorox wipes handy for quick clean ups!', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always know I can trust Clorox for a true clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox. It smells great and it also cleans great This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would recommend using any Clorox products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('as the main cleaner in my household, I love using Clorox products from the kitchen to the bathroom. everything I need to keep my house clean comes from the Clorox family! love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We've been using these for over a year, in between toddler toys to fighting germs throughout the home, we've always been happy with Clorox wipes -- they're a staple in our family! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(132, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I work at a day care where I encounter LOTS of germs. We use Clorox wipes daily to wipe down door knobs, light switches and other places where little hands spread those nasty germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other cleaners and I always go back to Clorox because it cleans the best. Whether its a small job or a big one, Clorox will clean it. I recommend this product to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my absolutely favorite cleaning cloth. I have tried other and been sadly disappointed. My shelf is stocked up with Clorox wipes for a reason!! The are awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a mom of 3 Clorox Wipes are a household staple (actually i keep some in my car too) I love that that removes stains and disinfect- Keeping my house clean and my little ones safe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As the president of our PTO, we always look for ways to keep the kids safe and healthy. We CAN NOT do it without the ease of the Clorox wipes. Quick, smells good and you know it's clean!", {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep a tub of Clorox wipes in every bathroom, the kitchen and laundry room of my house. It is so easy to pop the top, pull out a fresh disinfecting wipe and swipe away the days messes.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy using Clorox products in my home. I use bleach, the toilet cleaner, and the wipes. I have used other brands but I always come back to Clorox because they are the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Products are perfect for when I clean up after my 2 boys. I use this every where. Just recently we took our boys to Disney World and I was using Clorox wipes every where at the park. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(145, 151, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes when Im in a hurry at cleaning, its easy to just grab one and start cleaning..I love the smell it leaves and how clean everything looks. Love my clorox wipes', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I currently work in a school system and clorox wipes help keep the germs down in my room. I wipe down tables, door handles, and toys. Thank you Clorox for helping keep my school healthy!!', {'entities': [(144, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have 4 kids, so clean-up needs to be quick, but efficient. I use Clorox wipes for everything - high chairs, tables, counters, etc. They work quickly and I know the surface is germ-free.', {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everywhere! There are perfect for wiping down the bathroom in between cleanings, wiping down doors, countertops, and much more. I also keep a pack in my car for spills!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to clean with Clorox Wipes in the bathrooms. I use it for floors, toilet, sink, doorknobs, light switches, etc. I also use the wipes on every door handle in our house twice a week.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have Clorox wipes on every floor of our house and bathroom. They are easy to use, especially for my 10 year old son so that he is able to pitch in around the house with cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just used the wipes in my daughter's 1st grade classroom. We wiped down all the tables, I was amazed at how well these wipes clean up dirty germy tables and chairs! Thanks Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(174, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox wipes make it easy to clean yucky messes. You know it's clean and there are no germs to worry about! And the best part is that you throw the wipe away. No fuss no muss!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband has a compromised immune system, so it is very important that surfaces be kept as germ-free as possible. I have great confidence in Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to do just that.', {'entities': [(143, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes, they leave a refreshing scent, and disinfect anywhere in my home. I have two boys and i recommend this product for anyone with or without kids. Thanks Clorox.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes. I use them in my kitchen and the laundromat...Did not realize how dirty the folding tables were at the laundromat till I started using these wipes.. Thanks Clorox.!', {'entities': [(176, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are so convenient! I keep them on my kitchen counter for quick sanitizing. I love the fact that they are easy to pull out as well as the trusted Clorox name. Amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox products all over my household and with my laundry. I have family and friends that laugh at me because I tell them if I can't smell the Clorox it's not really clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox Lemon Wipes because they disinfect and make everything smell good. They are excellent for stain removal specially when you have small children. Easy to use as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of the clorox wipes but even better have a piece of mind everytime I use them knowing I am protecting my family against harmful germs and bacteria. Love you Clorox!!!', {'entities': [(174, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox Lemon Wipes because they smell good but not too over powering. They are also less sloppy that the competitor wipes. All this and a great disinfecting wipe too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I drive a truck for a living and running water is not included. These make quick clean ups easy and I trust Clorox to also disinfect and deodorize. Wouldn't use any other brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(108, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have Clorox wipe containers in my bathrooms and kitchens and never have less than 3 in my pantry at all times. Simple and easy way to have clean and germ free surfaces all the time!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is above the rest in keeping my home and family germ free. I use Clorox wipes, bleach, stain remover and even take the on the go's with me. Never leave home without them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a must in my house. I have 2 boys who are messy. These clean up finger prints on walls, wipe down muddy sinks, and clean up spills on the cabinets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I take my Clorox wipes with me everywhere. I even have a small pack for when we go to restaurants, I like cleaning the table myself. I hate having my kids eat on sticky tables. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy the Clorox wipes for my son who is in a college dorm. It is very convenient and easy to use. They are also a great value and is better than using a spray and paper towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("One of the most important things I like about Clorox Disinfecting Wipes is that they don't have a strong odor, but rather a fresh scent that doesn't leave you gasping for fresh air.", {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Looks Clean, Smells Clean! Disinfects, cleans, and SMELLS like it's clean. Kills germs and smells sparkling fresh. Lemon scented are my favorite cleaners. Clorox is dependable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Wipes and use them all the time. They are so convenient and do an excellent job of cleaning and once I'm finished cleaning a room, it smells so clean and fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for all my cleaning needs. I use them to clean my entire bathroom, and love the lemon scent. They clean well and I feel very safe since the wipes also disinfect!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the fresh scent and easy to use. They don't dry out while they are in the container which you cannot say for other brands. You always know what you're getting with Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a middle school teacher, germs are something I'm familiar with. In order to keep my students and myself as healthy as possible, Clorox Wipes have become a staple in my classroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(131, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes! They have their own spot on the counter in my kitchen. From wiping off the counter to cleaning the stovetop and everything in between Clorox wipes get it clean!', {'entities': [(154, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love using Clorox Disinfecting wipes to clean our bathrooms and the fresh scent is amazing!! They get the job done and helps cut down on the bacteria lurking in our bathrooms.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Easy to use - just grab one and wipe. I know that my counters are being cleaned well because I trust the Clorox company. Convenient and effective - what more could I ask for This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(105, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ive been using Clorox since I can remember. It always get the job done. No complaints. Every household should invest in this product, especially with the flu season and all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes. So much better than any other brand I've tried. I use these to clean up anything and everything. They are so convenient and also handy to put in the car.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox disinfecting wipes. They clean really well. I also like the lemon scent. It gives just enough smell to freshen up things without being overpowering. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox bleach helped me get better when my asthma was really bad. And the teachers at my sons preschool used the Clorox wipes to protect the children from colds and flu :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products because they give me reassurance that when I clean my house is not only getting clean but it is getting disinfected with a refreshing scent. 25 This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are a great way to disinfect a classroom in a hurry. As a teacher, I'd rather spend my time on lesson prep than cleaning up germs! These are fast and efficient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products for keeping my family healthy and our home clean. The wipes are so convenient to use, and leave every surface clean, disinfected and smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like this product. I feel as if my house is fresh, clean, and disinfected especially during the flu season! The Clorox name says it all. Trusted it for many years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(121, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can clean everywhere from the kitchen to the bathroom to my pet's things with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I know that wherever I use them, rest assured the space will be clean.", {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are strong, durable and I am confident in their ability to clean and sanitize my home. There isn't a room in my house that I don't use Clorox wipes. They are GREAT!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love lemon Clorox desinfecting wipes. They are so easy to use and have a fresh clean smell. I love being able to just grab a wipe instead of getting out a rag and spray. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) good product. owerful cleaning Whitens Great stain remover Good value Disinfects Easy to use Sprays every last drop Deodorizes Convenient This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox always does the trick all over the house. My mother and grandmother always used clorox and it does wonders. I always know it's clean and disinfected if I use Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all the Clorox products especially the wipes since they are so convenient and leave a wonderful scent of clean behind. I would definitely recommend these to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they do a great job and are so convenient. I have them in each of my bathrooms. They really do a great job if I need to quickly sanitize anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox disinfecting wipes because they are easy and convenient to use, disinfects the surfaces I am cleaning and makes the room smell good all at the same time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox wipes (packs) in my purse and glove compartment for clean-ups. I keep the tubs in each one of my bathrooms. Germophob, maybe, but you can never be too clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox 2 for all my laundry needs. I also love to use Clorox Cleanup in the kitchen to wipe down the counter tops and clean the sink after washing any type of meat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a must have in my home. The convenience is unmatched. No other wipe on the market lasts or does the heavy duty job the clorox brand wipes do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these every week in my bathroom when I clean. In between when there's a need to get something clean fast and/or I need to kill germs I always reach for the Clorox wipes.", {'entities': [(162, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love cleaning with Clorox lemon scented wipes! they smell great and are never dried out like some other wipes. They are durable, whiten, and clean everything, even your hands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a 16 month old and with all of the spit up, spills and accidents that happen around the house using Clorox wipes makes all of the dirtiest messes easy to clean up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(107, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes daily to disinfect our home. Clorox wipes are easy to use in refreshing up my bathroom and kitchen. Clorox wipes thoroughly clean and freshen our home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy it is to disinfectant my counter without getting a disinfectant spray out using a cloth that may or may not be clean. Clorox wipes are so easy to use!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(134, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Clorox products. I trust the products and have peace that I have used the best product possible to keep my family clean and been effective at killing germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having young kids, I am always concerned about germs in my home. I love using Clorox products and knowing that I am getting a nice lemon smell, as well as disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the disinfecting wipes because they are convenient, disinfect, and are easy to use. With three young boys, the faster the better and I have trusted Clorox for many years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the entire line of Clorox products because I know that they keep my family safe from germs. I especially love that the wipes can be used on a variety of surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes to sanitize surfaces around my house. I also use them to sanitize my office at work. They were also an item on the kid's school supply list this year. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes feature a thick, textured wipe that tackles tough messes like baked-on food residue in kitchens and soap scum and other soils in the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy these wipes over your competitors for the simple reason that it's Clorox. They're the best. The name says it all. I know I will always get an amazing product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have 4 boys, so having Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on hand is a MUST!! Dirty hands, means dirty everything...so I grab my Clorox wipes for most all my cleaning needs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for a quick and easy clean up in both my kitchen and my bathroom. I also like them because I can us them at my workplace during cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them every day to wipe down my kitchen counters and other surfaces. I also send several tubs to school to keep the germs away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for everything. I always keep them on hand. I have one in the kitchen, and one in each of my bathrooms. So easy to use to wipe up the sinks and counters.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my classroom to help fight all the germs that make their way through the door! I love the fresh clean smell and I trust Clorox to clean and disinfect.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday, from wiping down doorknobs, telephones,kitchen counters and sinks. In the bathroom, I wipe down all the toilets and sinks. These are fantastic!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox for almost everything specially with my toddlers around they are always leaving a mess. And Clorox does a great job at removing stains and disinfecting This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cold and flu season requires I keep Clorox wipes around. I have made it through the past three seasons without getting sick. That makes them a bargain at any price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the lemon scented Clorox wipes. They have a wonderful smell (I love anything citrus scented). They are also convenient, quick to use, and great at disinfecting! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the smell of Clorox products when im cleaning in my home especially with a recently potty trained little boy who hasnt quite gotten his aim down yet This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With a house full of men, Clorox wipes are super important. Cleaning the kitchen and bathrooms with these is easy and I know it's clean and disinfected when I'm done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes in our household is a must for those quick cleanups and to get rid of those harmful germs. I don't use anything else but CLorox from cleaning to laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox no matter if its Disinfecting wipes, liquid for my laundry. I mop it in. Its one of those cleaning products that you have to have in your house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes not only disinfect but they also do a good job cleaning! Very convenient and most importantly - PLEASANT smelling and GENTLE on my hands when I use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Wipes! They are so convenient and really make cleaning easy. When I'm done cleaning with these wipes, I know that all the surfaces are germ free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A stomach bug just paid our home a nasty visit. I used Clorox wipes non-stop wiping the toilet, floor and every surface in the bathroom. Nothing can beat the convenience.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes and I use it everywhere. I specially like the wonderful lemony scent it leaves. The surfaces just feel clean in addition to actually being clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used clorox and lysol wipes in the past. I found that lysol wipes leave a dulling residue everywhere. Clorox doesn't! I use it for all my day to day cleaning......", {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! With a baby in the home, making sure germs are gone is a must! Plus, she is constantly making a mess. I love the wipes, so much easier than spraying! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I keep a canister on my kitchen counter and bathroom counters. They are great for a quick cleanup or to disinfect faucet handles, or for spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love that Clorox has been around for a long time and still does a great job in disinfecting and whitening at the same time. Plus it is a good value for the budget. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products because is a great cleaner and disinfectant. I have a family of 6 and the only product I use is clorox. Thank you for making a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes for quick cleaning jobs around my apartment. I can use them on the stove top, table, counter top, my son's high chair, and bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love keep these in the bathroom and kitchen for quick easy clean ups. With three boys in the house there are lots of messes and Clorox wipes make it easy to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(130, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use the Clorox Disinfecting Whipes for quick clean ups in the bathroom. Having a son who does not aim well certainly is a challenge but not with Clorox Whipes!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep a canister of Clorox disinfecting wipes in the laundry room and each bathroom, including the guest bathroom. So easy, to do a quick bathroom clean-up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love Clorox wipes... Use daily for cleaning and spills...I even use at work to wipe down keyboards, phones and work area to prevent those nasty germs from spreading This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Clean Up Wipes on a daily basis, in every room in my house. They are easy to use to wipe down surfaces. As a mom of two boys they come in very handy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! With 3 children, the ease and convenience is such a time-saver! I use these to wipe down my bathroom counter daily and for other messes and spills. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I use Clorox Wipes and know it's clean and the smell of clean puts a smile on my face.The I feel proud that when people come over you know they see a clean house!", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes in the bathroom so I don't have to worry about getting my washcloths all icky! I can just toss them and not worry about extra laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the freshness in my linens when I wash and counter tops when I wipe them. My house is safe from germs thanks to Clorox bleach and wipes. LOVE MY CLOROX!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is the best disinfectant I've ever used. I love the convenient spray bottle versions along with the easy to use wipes. Portable and effective and the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes has a pleasant smell. Having 3 kids in the house makes them a necessity for us. They are very easy for the kids use and clean up behind themselves!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting wipes in my home, at work, in my car and especially when I go grocery shopping to knock out germs. They are a must-have all year round! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do all my cleaning with Clorox wipes. When I don't have any I feel like my house is not clean or disinfected. I always have more than one container in my household.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes! They are so easy to use and are great cleaners. I am not worried about all the germs in my sink and on my counters after I use these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! Great for cleaning and disinfecting counters, door knobs, stair rails, key boards, etc., in our home. I highly recommend this great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried every product on the market, but with Clorox, you truly get what you pay for. I refuse to use anything else but Clorox products to disinfect my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox wipes for just about everything I possible can. They are so convenient, smells fresh and easy to use. Clorox is a min staple in my home This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bleach clean and disinfected! Nothing works better than Clorox. The wipes I use in between those disinfecting days as it is simple and does quite a good job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(56, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are a good value for the service they provide. They disinfect and deodorizes and are very convenient. I keep a canister in my house all winter long. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. When it comes to bleach it is the only bleach that I use. I trust that Clorox will clean and disinfect my home. I would recommend Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am messy in the kitchen and can always rely on my Clorox wipes when I spill food. The fresh scent and power of Clorox lets me know that my kitchen is clean again!!', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox kills germs and whitens the laundry. It also gives the house a good clean smell. I also use it to wash dishes and pour down the drain to kill bad odors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Super product! I have learned to use Clorox Wipes throughout my home and have noticed fewer colds for the members of the household. How much better can that be This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy Clorox disinfecting wipes are to use! I feel confident that my kitchen stays clean and bacteria free when I use them to wipe the counters down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make it easy for me to clean up quickly and efficiently. I love the smell and the disinfecting formula. I really trust and recommend this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Excellent products!!! Have tried the store brand of Clorox for the wash and was very disappointed!! Will never use anything but the real Clorox ever again!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox spray and use it on my countertops. It makes the whole kitchen smell great. I love clorox wipes for quick clean ups, especially in the bathroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox wipes, especially the wipes to go. Very convenient and easy to use. I can stick them in my bag and pull them out when needed. Love the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for cleaning everything. Besides the disinfecting power it cleans almost everything. You can use it in every room and your car too!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cook daily and have a 2 year old running around.. Clorox wipes helps me know I have cleaned and disinfected any surface the 2 year old may come in contact with..', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('an excellent cleansing product for all rooms all purpose especially the Clorox wipes. please send all products in bulk thank you brenda hicks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are one of the best products I have used. I love the way any Clorox product cleans, and the wipes give me the benefit of them being easily accessible.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are big fans of Clorox wipes in our family. Every morning we do chores and use Clorox wipes. They keep our house clean and ready for whatever the day may bring.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried Lysol wipes, but I like Clorox best...not just the smell, but the cloth-like texture of the wipe itself. These are great for keeping the bathroom clean!", {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 3 males in the house, the bathroom is always gross, I always have the Clorox wipe handy, this cleans the bathroom mirrors exceptionally well WITHOUT streaks.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes line of products and always use them on my kitchen and bathroom countertops and other surfaces. The smell is so fresh and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and easy to use. They have powerful cleaning and disinfects. Perfect way to quickly clean toys and messes from my little ones. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i have been using Clorox wipes for a year now and really like this product.. Very convenient and can fit in my purse, ... I will continue to buy this product This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I simply love Clorox. I know when I use the products my bathroom or kitchen will be clean and sanitized. And I love all the smells....it's simply the best!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox wipes. As a mother of 6, there's always something that needs to be cleaned!! They're a quick convienet way to stay clean and germ free!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having the Clorox wipes in my home! They make clean-up a breeze in any room, especially the kitchen and bathrooms! I never like to be without them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Clorox wipes! I know it is killing any germs on contact. I usually will walk around and wipe door knobs, sinks, handles, garbage cans, etc. Love them!', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for several years now. I love knowing that when I use them they are getting rid of germs and keeping my family well.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Our kitchen has the old linoleum counter tops that retain stains. The Clorox Disinfecting wipes help remove the stains while leaving my counter tops very clean.', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a wife and Mother I can never have enough Clorox disinfecting wipes in my house. I love the product!! It cleans literally everything and smells amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of being able to just grab a Clorox wipe and wipe down the counters knowing it is killing bacteria and making my counters safe for my kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been purchasing Clorox products for years. I love the disenfecting wipes because they are so convenient and easy to use to clean up around my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I highly recommend these wipes, they are so convenient to have in the house! They smell awesome and because its Clorox I know my house is free of germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products has been used in my family every since I can remember and know that I have my own family I still use all different kinds of Clorox products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love the Clorox disinfecting wipes! They are so handy to keep around for easy clean ups in a pinch! No hassels. Just easy to clean up and throw away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox, it is a trusted brand in my household. We use so many of their products, especially wipes this time of year with all the germs going around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great during cold and flu season to keep my family healthy. I like to keep some in my car as well as my house, for killing germs anywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep Clorox Disinfecting Wipes under the bathroom sink for a quick morning cleanup. Not only does it clean and disinfect, it also leaves a great lemon scent.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Each room in my house has Clorox wipes. They are so easy to use, even for my elementary age kids. I always know they disinfect and clean up any mess with ease.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('everyday we wipe down all door knobs, exam tables and counter tops. we want our patients in a nice clean enviroment. Clorox helps us do that. love the product!', {'entities': [(117, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on my toilet. I am working on potty training my son, I keep a container beside the toilet which comes in handy often! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products, they are easy to use, kill germs and leave a clean smell behind. I feel safe that I am keeping my family as germ free as possible This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can always depend on Clorox products to clean and disinfect my home and my work area thoroughly and safely. I trust that it works because it's Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes to clean my kitchen and bathroom. Having a 4yr old and a 9mo old, they are easy and convenient to use. Thanks Clorox :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! I use them at home and in the classroom! I really feel like my house is clearer by using Clorox to disinfect and protect my health. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the ease of cleaning up messes and knowing I'm disinfecting at the same time. Love Clorox products and I highly recommend the disinfecting wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(90, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the number one top of the charts cleaner and disinfectant! Makes everything shine, free from germs. You will not be disappointed with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Lemon Disinfecting Wipes are great to use in the kitchen, bath or anywhere. They are very convenient and leave a fresh lemony scent that smells clean!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As the mother of twins, I often need a quick cleanup around the house. Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are easy to use and I know that the mess is truly gone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(71, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are great. They have a great smell and are so easy to grab to clean off things around the home or when you are out and about. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox for my everyday cleaning to laundry. I was raised in a house that uses it. It is the best there is and NO OTHER CAN COMPARE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I trust Clorox to kill all the nasty kitchen germs - and I always keep a canister of these handy when I'm cooking to prevent cross-contamination from meats.", {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When you have little kids, you HAVE to have Clorox wipes handy to disinfect everything, especially when everybody is sick at home during winter time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great product are very convenient to use. It has a very powerful deodorizing effect gets the job done quickly efficiently. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes because they are so convenient and easy to use. I have several bottles in various locations throughout my house..simple and easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are always a great deal at my local stores and they are so convenient to have on hand for just about any mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are great. I am very satisfied with them as they really clean and disinfect everything. well. They also are very easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have 3 children between the ages 5-8 so when it comes to cleaning and disinfecting my home I rely on Clorox for it all. I totally love the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes when my niece comes over with her 3small children . Unfortunately they touch everything and it is so easy just to use wipes . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are great and easy to use. If something gets spilt, they clean up the mess with ease. They are great to have in a house that has kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awesome Product! Definitely my go to cleaning supply! As a mother of 2, the Clorox whips are an easy way to keep my family clean, safe and healthy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only do I use Clorox wipes to clean counters, walls, the fridge, I also use them to clean the floor in small areas such as the bathroom. So convenient.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has always been my cleaning product of choice! It makes the place looks and smell clean. It also helps fight germs and thats definitely a plus. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep these wipes handy in my bathroom and in my kitchen. They are used on everything and everywhere that germs collect. Clorox products are my favorite!', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always use Clorox wipes whenever I'm prepping raw chicken. It gives me peace of mind knowing there are no nasty salmonella germs left lying around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products the whole house smell great and feels cleans including my kids toys garage baskets laundry baskets I use it everywhere I can! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is the BEST! I can always count on this product to clean and disinfect my home or office. It's hard to compare it to another cleaning product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Clorox Wipes! I use them for all of my quick clean ups around my house and at the office. They are great to disinfect around the office as well.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used these in Afghanistan, Kabul is not a clean city, made me feel much better after I had cleaned walls, floors, and fixtures with my Clorox Wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(135, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox has been a household name for as long as I can remember. It is reliable to keep whites white and disinfects . I don't trust any other brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes are great to clean with, I use them everyday! They are very convenient as well! I trust the Clorox brand and will continue to use them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(104, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! They are the most convenient way to clean up everyday spills. I love that you all have come out with the scrubbing side as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. I love that fact that you have to go packs now as well which makes it so much easier in the car to clean up any kids messes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great to bring in the car and to work. Very convenient and easy to us. Powerful! And the smell is clean and fresh not overpowering This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE Clorox wipes. I use them all around the house: bath, kitchen, dining room! Also, great donation to the classroom to wipe out all those germs!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Clorox products! Gets the job done!!! My go to easy convenient wipes to clean up messy jobs fast.Definitely buy these and you won't regret it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! Quick, easy, and affordable! I use them to wipe down my bathroom and kitchen to help keep on top of my cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they are easy to use and cleans the bathroom and kitchen areas so nicely. I always buy Clorox wipes never the knock off brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love your Clorox wipes they are great for busy lives and great at cleaning messes and disinfecting. The lemon scent leaves my home smelling fresh This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes all around my house. They're so convenient to grab during the day and use to clean and disinfect the area. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes for everything from cleaning bathroom cabinets to kitchen cabinets. Also great for quick cleanup jobs when you are in a hurry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love, love Clorox wipes, every scent smells great. I love clorox bleach and also the multi purpose sprays, which also smell amazing and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I could not live without my Clorox Wipes!! I am a germaphobic and work in healthcare! I love to be able to pop one out and wipe everything down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love these wipes they are so handy and efficient . I have 5 boys in my house and the bathroom gets plenty dirty so i always have extra wipes from Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(146, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are convenient and effective. They are especially good for those times when you can't do a full cleaning of your kitchen or bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoy the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in the To-Go package. They are so convenient to take to work for routine cleaning, and easy to store. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are good for disinfecting germs. They also clean soap scum, dirt, stains, etc. They are also a great value. I reccomend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox products have been the best disinfectant product that i have ever used. it is convenient and doesn't smell too strong that is unbearable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) are a great product. Cleans well, smells good, and disinfects so I know germs are not spread around the house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is the best bleach ever. Now with different scents you don't have to feel like you are sanitized. But you really are. Lemon is my fav. Now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox for cleaning the toilet bowl, just pour some in before going to bed and in the morning it's sparkling clean and smells fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox cleanups. I use them everyday in my class. The kids in first grade always have something to clean and these make it very easy to do. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like keeping a container of Clorox wipes in every bathroom. I feel like I can reach for one whenever I need to freshen up the bathroom surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes for quick, easy clean up in my kitchen and bathrooms. These are also a great way to get my kids helping with cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my go to product. When i use Clorox, I can know without a doubt that my family will be safe from germs and any harmful bacterias. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Wipes they are so good for wiping down the house on a everyday base, and also Sanitizing the house from all the extra germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes re great for cleaning surfaces quickly. it's a plus that it not only looks clean but you can be confident that it is disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox disinfecting wipes for everything. I even dust with them. They are used to clean every room in my house. Just can't live without them.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes ALL the time on everything! I love the smell and that they kill bacteria! I always have them on hand and if I don't I feel lost.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Amazing Product! I love Clorox, it makes my cleaning experience great. It brightens my day to be able to clean up ad especially with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox wipes over the last two years. I find them to be an easy way to disinfect my bathroom or just to clean anything in general. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband uses the Clorox Fresh wipes to clean the grill before he cooks. He says they do an excellent job in removing the grime and dirt. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 4 children in school, germs are everywhere! The only way we stay healthy is by disinfecting with Clorox! The wipes are so easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love love love all the Clorox products. Especially the wipes I can use them to clean up sticky spills or a quick wipe up around the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox products because their value is good and they take care of the problems that occur throughout household clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('No matter what it is, Clorox wipes always clean up the problem. I have a can under every sink in the house. Now i just need a few in the car This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Along with everywhere else, I keep a canister in my car. They have come in sooooo handy! This way I ALWAYS have some Clorox wipes with me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(117, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Another Great product by Clorox. Cleans smells so nice and gets rid of germs. what else could you want. Cloth included. Must have year around.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are used for everything in my home now that I have purchased them. I will not wet another paper towel again and think I've cleaned.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are super easy to use, and for a family of five that's a plus. From cool aid stains to disinfecting counter tops Clorox wipes are awesome!", {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox products have always been apart of our family's cleaning routine. Its effective, affordable and the products plainly just works. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they are so handy and I use it to wipe down everything along with bleach. Everything feels cleaner when I use clorox wipes.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox products. They disinfect, helps kill all these flu germs! The bleach makes my whites so bright and doesn't ruin the fabric. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use with students. Hand everyone a wipe and have them to clean their desks and chairs, in less than 5 minutes!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product. I have been using it for years to clean my bathrooms and my kitchen. It whitens and I would recommend using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes for wiping my counter and sink. Especially after I have cut chicken. I know they will disinfect any bacteria left. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love cleaning with Clorox. I use it in my kitchen and bathroom. I always feel like the place is nice and clean after using this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox covers all of my cleaning needs....I feel great after a good clean...knowing that my family and I are safe form germs and bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I know when I am using Clorox products that I am really getting it clean and disinfected. It is a powerful cleaner that deodorizes great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My Mom always used Clorox products and I guess I feel like Iam taking care of my family when I use them also. Following in her footsteps! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a quick and easy way to clean up germs fast. I use them everyday to clean and sanitize surfaces in a hurry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ever since Clorox wipes have been on the market, I have been a huge fan! They are great for cleaning up hairballs and other icky kitty messes!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When cleaning anything with this Clorox product it smells clean and fresh and you have the safety feeling of knowing it is clean for everyone.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes, they are very convenient. Easy to use and always on hand. I mainly use Clorox wipes to clean surfaces around my house This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox wipes. I use them daily in my classroom to wipe down things that students touch, so we can all stay healthy and germ free.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't feel my house or my office at work is clean if I don't use a Clorox product. Clorox is the number one cleaning brand out there!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(69, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You can't find anything that compares to Clorox Wipes. We use them in the kitchen, bathroom, and anywhere else we need to clean and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The brand and product is strong and worth its value. When I use Clorox wipes I know it has killed all the germs and leaves a great smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Whenever I have a tough mess I know I can always count on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to get the job done and it leaves a fresh scent afterwards. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With Kitty paws always on windows and 2 teenage kids - Clorox products are just what I need to make my life just that little bit easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I clean with Clorox I know its clean!! I love using the wipes for everything!!! They are great in a pinch and for the big jobs!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love these wipes and I love the scent! I use them in my kitchen, bathroom, and around the house. Thank you Clorox for a safe wipe to clean.', {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I espeically like Clorox products because they clean and help fight cold and flu germs. This comes in handy with a toddler in the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes to touch up my bathrooms in between regular cleanings. I like the way they smell and their convenience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are perfect for on the go clean ups and are so convenient that I keep them in the kitchen, bathrooms, and even in my car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the other wipes, they don't even come close to Clorox wipes! Clorox brand allows me to disinfect for my family with confidence This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely Love every product Clorox has to offer, we use it EVRYDAY! My children even enjoy cleaning when they are using the wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes!!! They clean every stain that my family has to offer. Fantastic product. CustomerForLife This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the cleaning power of Clorox products! Also love the whitening, stain removal, deodorizing, and disinfecting of all the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was raised using Clorox. I continue to use it in my adult years. I love that your product smells awesome and is an amazing cleaner . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a must have for me, I do a lot of baking and I count on these wipes to help keep my kitchen nice clean and sanitized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the only wipes I use because I feel they clean and sanitize at the same time. They also leave the area smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach kindergarten. Clorox wipes are an easy way to clean our tables and messes as well as disinfect. I love the convenience of them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for our household. especially being a mom of two boys which make toliet cleaning really easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. They clean and disinfect all in one cleaner. you dont need a lot of other cleaners. Clorox cleaners does it all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the one product that I know will completely get rid of smells in my laundry especially in dish towels, bath towels, and wash cloths. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use everything Clorox,, as my stain remover, the trigger sprays, disinfectant wipes, all the cleaners. I absolutely love them all This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! They are easy to use and clean well. I only buy this brand because the smell is not overpowering when I clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like how easy it is to use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They assure me when I wipe my counter that my counter top will be germ free.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a simple way to clean up messes. I have used them for over 10 years now, and find them to be the best on the market! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to pet. When we travel the Clorox Wipes are the best and easy way to disinfect any mess in the car. I use them to in the house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I take them to church camp every year and wipe EVERYTHING down in my cabin, Use throughout the year at my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. I have 4 children so I use Clorox for everything. I feel that my house is cleaner and germ free with Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love disinfectant wipes, especially Clorox! They are convenient and easy to use. I am always confident that my surfaces are clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are pretty much all I use to clean everywhere in my house. I like using them due to the great disinfecting and cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are portable so I can grab them and go to any room that needs a little disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox products for years and before me my mother and grandmother. Its a very trusted product and gets the job done This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It whitens, brightens disinfects I use it for different uses laundry, cleaning house etc.nothing beats Clorox that I have found yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of the lemon Clorox Wipes. I have multiple canisters to use throughout my house to disinfect many different surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disenfecting wipes are extemely effective in cleaning all surfaces in my home. I like to keep my home as germ free as possible. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Lemon) Smells Great and cleans well. I love to have this handy for wiping and cleaning items that are sticky. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on Clorox from when i was a child and that all i know and use. My mother told me a clean house is when you can use Clorox!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes cleans better than other(s) cleaners...less grease and grim and smells better than competitors cleaning wipe products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products help keep my home clean and disinfected. This is especially important this time of year as it is cold and flu season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The travel size Clorox Wipe packs are a must have for me, I carry them in my purse I use them mostly at the grocery store on carts. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been a valuable commodity in our household for 32 years now. We are never without its amazing ceaning and freshness power This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is my go-to for disinfecting and cleaning the kitchen, bathrooms, and kid's toys! It is gentle on my sensitive hands as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes because they clean and deodorize my chills play area and help me keep a clean bathroom with a quick wipe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean surfaces that my children touch. Not only does it disinfect surfaces, but It smells great too!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in my kitchen and at school! My house and classroom always smells and looks clean when I use them!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox wipes everyday. I wipe down all surfaces in the bathroom every morning - help keep everything clean and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can always count on this product to get rid of germs! Especially now that the stomach bug is going around my household. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(130, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the lemon scented Clorox wipes because they make my house smell great and kill the odor causing bacteria while they're at it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is excellent for the household. you can use Clorox products to help cut down on lots of germs. I use them everyday. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use clorox for all my cleaning needs. Clorox gives cleans great as well as kills all the nasty germs left behind by kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a small child in my home and using Clorox wipes to make sure the house is clean and disinfected makes my life a whole lot easier.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a faithful user of Clorox wipes and sprays. I keep them all over my house for quick and easy clean ups and they smell great!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer using Clorox disinfecting wipes to other brands because I know that my kitchen will always be sanitized and smell lemony-fresh!', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have these handy. I keep one under each sink.They make it so easy to keep my house clean and fresh in a snap! Thank-you Clorox!', {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products. I know when I use clorox my house not only smells great, but I can be at ease knowing the germs are gone!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Wipes, makes on the go life easier when juggling cleaning and kids with the satisfaction of knowing everything is disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are super convenient and a great cleaning option. This is our go to product for quick cleanup of messes and disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are the best, use them all over the house and outside too. I just love them, makes my life a lot easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like these Clorox Wipes for quick cleanup and disinfecting! They are great to have on hand when handling chicken. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has always been my go-to for whitening and removing stains! A little goes a long, long way! I also love its affordability! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox Disinfecting wipes for everyday use. We always buy a few canisters at a time and send them to school with our kids! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Egreen Killeen texas The Clorox wipes are amazing perfect for disinfecting and cleaning countertops and things. Simply amazing!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox for my everyday cleaning. My mother always taught me, if your not cleaning with Clorox, then your not cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always trusted and used Clorox in liquid form but with the wipes the cleanness is right at my finger tips. Thanks Clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like Clorox products. I have been using them for over 25 years. I will definitely recommend them to my family and friends This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love this and all Clorox products, i only buy Clorox. the bleach is the best so is clorox clean up. and the new Green clorox is awesome', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox disinfecting wipes! Especially during cold and flu season. I know I'm protecting my family and keeping them healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love Clorox disinfecting wipes. With three pets and our second baby on the way, we love the convenience and quality of Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A quick and easy way to clean up messes. With the Clorox brand I feel confident that my home and family are protected from germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes. They make cleaning easy. So much so that my kids love to help wipe down the tables and counters in our home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for our busy family! I have 3 month old twin girls and a 3 1/2 year old and these make clean up so easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the Clorox products!! use them all the time for many years!! From the bleach to the wipes to the detergents just love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think they are fantastic! I clean practically everything I own with them. I know I am getting a good product when I buy Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox for years it is the best product to use for disinfecting. Very convenient makes every feel fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has been a trusted name in my household since I was a little girl. Their products never fail me. Nothing else compares/ :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a home daycare Clorox wipes are convenient. I trust in this product has cleaned my house. Love and trust Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the power of Clorox and how it removes stains from clothes.It not only freshens things up,but it also cleans it as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes always get the job done. I use it to clean all surfaces in our home. I know it disinfects and it always smells good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! A name I can trust and so easy to grab a wipe and have my surface disinfected and ready to use again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband does leather tooling and gets leather dye all over our counters. Clorox wipes remove the stains and leave our counters clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was taught to clean my bathrooms and kitchen with Clorox and I have continued using it when i started my own family till now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach middle school students and we are always in need of Clorox wipes. They are great for everything, especially sanitizing desks!', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are used constantly in my household. They are tough on kitchen messes and great for the bathroom too, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product love to use in bathroom and kitchen to deodorize and keep germs away it is a good all purpose cleaner This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox offer products for on the go, use at home, at work, and just about anywhere possible. Very dependable and cost effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox wipes for cleaning and disinfecting my countertops and stove top after cooking dinner or a large meal. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Wipes to clean because they are fresh smelling and easy to use. I especially like the disinfecting feature. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With the cold and flu season upon us and the holidays being here, Clorox wipes gets rid of the germs and sanitizes the surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in Lemon Scent are perfect for the kitchen! They clean and sanitize surfaces and leave a great smell! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes. When I use these, I know everythings getting clean and disinfected. Thank You for making great products...', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a product that is a must have for my family and also at work. Clorox wipes has saved my life and so many ways with kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is the best product for cleaning. I can always count on Clorox my really tough jobs. It has never let me down. I love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm such a Clorox fan! I use these wipes practically everyday and on almost everything. Keeps everything so clean and fresh smelling.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox products. We use bleach on a daily basis and there is no other brand that we would ever think about using! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes at home and at my Job as a preschool teacher. Clorox wipes help me fight germs during cold and flu season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("love, love, love all things Clorox. You can't beat the clean and I love the fresh clean smell I get when I use Clorox product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always use Clorox products. They clean really well and disinfect all the surfaces in my home. I won't use anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes all around the house and keep a canister under the kitchen sink and in each bathroom. Great for daily cleaning! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I use them daily for both my kitchen and bath. This is a staple in our household. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a house full of kids and a husband, every Sunday I clean and I always use Clorox Wipes. Makes everything so much easier for me.', {'entities': [(79, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very effective, have a great smell, and are far superior to anything else in its category. Would high recommend it.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a Kindergarten Teacher...I need quick and fast product to use to clean up after my kids! The Clorox products do the job! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for my kitchen and bathroom cleaning. They work great and leave my kitchen and bathroom clean and smelling great!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes are great. I prefer the fresh scent the best. I know they sanitize because of the Clorox name. I use them in every room!', {'entities': [(94, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of the Clorox wipes. I keep a container in the kitchen and the bathrooms and it makes for easy cleanups! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When the grandkids visit, I am running around cleaning behind little fingers. Clorox wipes help me clean and disinfect as I go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i having using Clorox for years...It helps santize my home, Keep and my white clothes bright. I will always you clorox products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes every day in the kitchen and the bathrooms! They are so convenient and do a very good job!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for a quick clean up. The disinfecting power give you peace of mind that your surfaces are germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox. Best cleaning and disinfecting product ever especially when compared to using other brands on the market. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Clorox because of its disinfecting capabilities, but the lemon wipes leave a nice smell, which is a bonus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes daily. Its a great product that is easy to use and will clean all everyday messes with ease. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox products with my family everyday. They are easy to use and I feel safe when I use them and with their results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are great for disinfecting. I have tried others, but come back to Clorox. It cleans with a clean fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes and spray. It makes me feel better about using them to lessen the chance for my family to get sick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these Clorox wipes for just about everything around the house. The are convenient and the lemon smell it has is great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always been a fan of Clorox wipes. They make cleaning up a breeze and seeing the difference they make is satisfying! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use the Clorox disinfecting wipes for my bathrooms. Just wipe and toss. So easy! Really deodorizes too. Love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One of the best products out there! I can never have too many Clorox wipes especially around flu season, GREAT for killing germs.', {'entities': [(62, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Lemon Disinfecting Wipes are a permanent item in my kitchen. I use them to clean up all spills! Great in the bathroom, too!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a teacher I'm always in need of cleaning supplies. Clorox is my top choice to kill all the little grems my students bring. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I could not even begin to clean my house if I didn't have my Clorox wipes. They make cleaning so easy and smell so good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes because the cloth is strong and I have a sense that what I wipe is actually clean not just deodorized. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! So easy to use, and cleans up quickly! Leaves my kitchen clean and smelling lemon fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox wipes to clean surfaces that are touched frequently to get rid of germs. The wipes leave behind a clean fresh scent.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('have used Clorox for over 20 years. Love the clean feeling and smell it leaves, especially in the bathroom and the kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox Brand products because they disinfect it really matters when you have a person(s) that are sick in the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Would use Clorox wipes over any other brand to kill germs and disinfect my home especially now during flu and cold season. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are my go-to for quick cleaning jobs for my family of 6. We are messy but cleaning up is easy! I This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for a quick clean in my bathrooms. I also love to use them on door knobs, phones and light switches. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my go-to cleaning product and are even great for the teens in my house to use. They make cleaning easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Clorox disinfectant wipes. They are super convenient and gets the job done. Couldn't ask for a better product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathroom and kitchen counter. Much better than spraying a liquid and wiping it off. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so great!They are easy to use and i feel better knowing that I'm doing all I can to keep my family safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes clean great and are so easy to use. I keep a canister on my kitchen counter for quick clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love, Love, Love the Clorox wipes! So convenient to use and great for cold and flu season, or any season for that matter! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My children love to play outside and come in and touch things with their dirty hands and Clorox products remove all stains This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(89, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes, so convenient, easy to use! A quick wipe in the morning keeps the bathroom clean and sanitized all day long. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox to wash all my white laundry. It keeps the whites from turning yellowish and helps remove stains and whitens. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love, Love, Love Clorox Wipes! every room in my house including my kids rooms have a container of these awesome wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox disinfecting wipes for their convenience in the kitchen bathroom to easily clean-up and disinfect these areas.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the perfect go to for everyday disinfecting. I keep some in my car for quick easy clean ups on the go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are AWESOME! I use them to clean things in the kitchen, restrooms, outside furniture, closets, etc.!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes is excellent for flu season Helps combat germs. I use it in every room of my home. especially the bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so easy to use. I love the convenience and the ease of just grabbing them out of the cabinet and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the best for disinfecting everything,they are so convient to use,they are great,I highly reccommend them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love how clean my house smells and looks after using Clorox wipes. It's also a great way to keep flu and cold germs away. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(53, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes would be 100 wonderful if they would come in a more convenient to use canister, such as a baby wipe style. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('2 kids + lots of messes clean and sanity when you have Clorox wipes to help quickly clean up many of the messes left behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('with Clorox wipes, there is no excuse for everyone in the house to keep things neat and tidy :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like things clean....I also clean homes. Love using Clorox wipes to clean ...quick and easy ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family and I love Clorox wipes, it leaves things clean and my countertops shiny! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product to use. It cleans, disinfects, and leaves your clothes white. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of grabbing a Clorox wipe, cleaning quickly and just toss it This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox because it gives me a peace of mind that my house is cleaned with bleach. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love everything Clorox. I know everything is clean and disinfected. Wipes off easily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('They smell so great and are perfect to clean my toddlers messy spills. Clorox forever! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(71, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When you buy a Clorox product you know you are getting the best value for your money. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The best my mother and grandmother and her mother used only Clorox no matter the cost This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("tried the other brand name wipes but it doesn't compare. Clorox wipes are the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox bleach on my clothes, Clorox clean up on everything else. I love Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep Clorox wipes in everyone of my bathrooms and it's so easy for my kids to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust the Clorox wipes/brand as it does disinfect clean like it is supposed too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Whips are convenient and easy to use. Use them in the kitchen, bathroom, car. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would use Clorox bleach wipes over any cleaning spray! So effective and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products for all my cleaning needs. There is no product better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love clorox. After cleaning with Clorox product the entire house smells so fresh and clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox products very often and I like the results that I have received. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes for my family. My 3 kids make me go through them like candy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh) are a convenient cleaning tool. Plus they smell awesome.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like how convenient the Clorox wipes are. I can rely on them sanitizing my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes disinfect and smell great! They make me feel like my home is healthier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use my Clorox Wipes to clean my toilet because I know the stuff is clean--DP This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes because of the cleaning power. I know they get rid of the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I work in a preschool and I trust nothing else but Clorox wipes to kill germs fast! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(51, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are perfect for cleaning up messes my students leave in the classroom! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Many generations of our family have used Clorox products. Why buy any other brand This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are awesome and smell way better than others! And very affordable. Thanks Clorox!!', {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE LOVE LOVE Clorox wipes! I have an IN Home Daycare and I use them for EVERYTHING:)', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are very easy and convenient to use. They are my favorite Clorox product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(68, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These wipes are the best on the market, I wouldn't clean without them ever Thanks Clorox", {'entities': [(82, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all Clorox products, and with two 5yr olds I could not live without them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are awesome and easy cleaners. Love the ease and strength of product This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes for how easy they are use and how clean they leave everything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love cleaning quickly with my Clorox wipes. Easy and convenient as a mom of four! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes give a reliable clean every time. Easy to use and one wipe goes far. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have six children, I've always used Clorox products and I probably always will. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes do a great job, but adding in the lemon smell is even better.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family always uses Clorox wipes when cleaning because they are so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Clorox since a child, and I will continue to use the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes! They are easy to use and so convenient! Just wipe and toss!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes!! Easy to use, convenient especially when your child is sick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox have the best cleaning products ever!! I use it for cleaning and laundry This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('this is just so easy to use, and to know that its Clorox brand, I feel like its clean!', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how everything feels so clean and disinfected after using Clorox wipes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(65, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox brand for years and these wipes are no exception. I love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are cost efficient, clean and disinfects all at the same time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE Clorox Wipes!!! Easy, affordable, and CLEANS AND DISINFECTS!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox wipes for quick and easy clean up in the kitchen and bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('omg I love Clorox wipes. they are so handy and make everything so easy to clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the way my towels smell after washing them in Clorox Spring Fresh scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually use Clorox in my kitchen, bathroom and outside on our house and fence. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love the Clorox wipes. We keep one in each bathroom and use them regularly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox! I've been using Clorox for years, as my own mom before me. thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Clorox in my bathroom kitchen because I know it kills germs and bacteria. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing like Clorox wipes to clean and disinfect my house, I love this product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You can always trust Clorox to get the job done - no matter how dirty or gross! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love cleaning with Clorox wipes because it makes my job easier and faster. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product. I really love how well Clorox cleans and the scent is fantastic. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(38, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you Clorox for making great wipes that clean and are super convenient! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a brand that I grew up with. It is just getting better all the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If at all possible, I purchase Clorox wipes! Nothing gives a faster, cleaner surface!', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Life without Clorox wipes would be rough I used them daily at home and at work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always use Clorox Wipes to clean and disinfects. It does the job well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox cleaning wipes everyday all over my house. They are wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a working mom, Clorox Disinfecting Wipes make cleaning up on the go a cinch! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox because they are easy to use and east to have sitting around. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are easy to use and are excellent for quick cleaning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox! My parents and grandparents used it and I have followed their tradition! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always use Clorox wipes to clean the sinks and toilets in the bathroom. So convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('when using any Clorox product I know my home will be fresh and clean smelling This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make tidying up and cleaning my bathroom so much easier. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes each and everyday for cleaning, it is a wonderful product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all Clorox products! Makes my home smell and look clean with every use :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, espcially the citrus scented ones. they smell great and do a great job.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes are easy to use and gives my house a nice smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox! I have used for years. I have tried other products but nothing compares. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love knowing that Clorox kills all kinds of germs. I take them when I travel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has a variety of cleaning products and supplies to keep your home clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes everyday. They are easy to use and disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love to use the Clorox wipes on my stove. Easy to use and let it really clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Lemon Disinfecting wipes are convenient, fragrant and powerfully clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Clean Up Wipes to help keep home medical supplies disinfected. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Clorox its easy and convenient. It cleans my home in all places. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes because it cleans everything and so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes. Easy to clean with and they leave each surface smelling great.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Wipes I use them many time a day .I can't go without them in my house", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they clean and disinfects. They smell good and work great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has the best disinfecting wipes, cleaning products and stain removers This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love all Clorox products! I love knowing everything is clean and no germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes!! They are a great value and really get the cleaning job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You can always count on Clorox for the best cleaning thoughout the home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipe they are super convenient and clean up the worst messes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes! They get the job done every time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mom used Clorox as I was growing up and I have continued. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to use Clorox wipes because they are quick and easy way to disinfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are incredibly convenient. They save me time and money.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all of the Clorox products that I have tried so far! They work great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i have everything of this brand. but i love the Clorox wipes mores This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes, tried cheaper brands but always come back to Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make me feel confident that my home is thoroughly disinfected! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love all the Clorox wipes...the ones for windows are really convenient too This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox products. Strong, but not harsh or too strong smelling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('use Clorox wipes on our desks and tables at school! Keeping us germ free!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of the Clorox wipes - simple to access, use, and discard! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great product. I pretty much use it in EVERYTHING I clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very helpful in helping my kids keep their bathroom clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. They disinfect and clean without leaving a film. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes, the best solution for ALL your messy clean-ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all Clorox brand items! It helps make my life a little bit easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Works great! I love Clorox! I definitely recommend using Clorox products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Clorox products for years. Great product and great value! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My house just wouldn't feel as clean as it should without Clorox products! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(58, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Always feel better knowing I've thoroughly cleaned something with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love Clorox because it helps me keep my house clean for my kids This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are the best for everyday use. The power of Clorox and convenience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Clorox Wipes because they disinfect and are easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Clorox products for years and am very happy with the results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are convenient for a quick clean up and freshening of the bathroom This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love cleaning everything in my house with Clorox wipes, they are great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Disinfecting is so critical these days. Clorox helps put my mind at ease. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing like Clorox that cleans and whitens and disinfects all at once. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my classroom every week to reduce/eliminate germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are the best at keeping things clean and smelling fresh! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! Have used them for years and it makes it all easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are my go-to kitchen clean up tool! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product...always know that I can trust Clorox to get the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. I use them through out my house on cleaning day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes almost everday, here's nothing like it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I come from 4 generations of Clorox uses, I wouldn't use anything else This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are awesome!!!!!! I use them on everything to clean off grems .... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Kids think the only way they can clean their bathroom is by using Clorox wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually use the Clorox wipes and they are wonderful for disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is great for just about anything! Great when you have messy boys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust only Clorox to clean my home! Nothing is better than Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always buy Clorox because I know that it is really killing the germs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for cleaning and disinfecting. Great for killing germs', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are awesome for quick clean ups and also disinfect.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the cling gel. Clorox is my choice. Plus the disinfecting benefit This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox wipes in all my bathrooms in the house. love this product:) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are so easy to use. I actually don't mind cleaning as much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! With two toddlers they are so nice to have on hand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have never been disappointed with any products from the Clorox family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. I use everything from wipes to toilet cleaner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like using Clorox Wipes because they are easy to use and convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all things Clorox!! I use Clorox to disinfect around my home!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cant say enough about Clorox products, I just absolutely love them!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox to disinfect counter tops and door knobs. Great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox disinfecting wipes. Easy to use, convient and smells good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. They're perfect for cleaning up all of our messes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox products because i know it kills germs from my three boys. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting wipes to wipe down the toilets in my house.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is AWESOME. Things aren't clean unless it's cleaned with Clorox. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are easy to use and convenient to keep in each bathroom. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox!! I trust it to disinfect my yucky kid-infested house!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are easy to use and clean well, plus they are disposable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a great cleaning product. I will definitely recommend clorox This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products. They clean and leave everything fresh smelling This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the smell. Cant go wrong with a Clorox product in disinfecting. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Cleans absolutely EVERYTHING! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and easy to use, and they smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love to use Clorox wipes. Easy to use. Deodorizes and disinfects. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are very convenient. there are a one step wipe process This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been very pleased with Clorox products for over 10 years! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are a must have! I love the lemon scent as well!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I feel confident that all germs are gone after using Clorox products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a trusted brand in our house and has been for generations. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox products always perform! They're definitely home necessities. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox products! Always gets my counters and blathers clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and easy to use for daily clean ups. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is my number one go to for cleaning and disinfecting my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes get the job done quickly and they don't smell bad. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! I use them for anything and everything!! -) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and thick enough to get the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox cleaning supplies are my favorite to use all over my house! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the light lemon scent and ease of use with Clorox wipes :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('awesome products I love Clorox it is so refreshing AND GERM FREE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all the Clorox products. You can never go wrong with Clorox! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other disinfecting wipes and Clorox works the best. Strong.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products it makes cleaning messes and spills so easy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox does a great job cleaning and disinfecting kitchen surfaces. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is great for fighting all those nasty cold germ this season! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of Clorox Wipes and the smell is great too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox brand is one I can always depend on. It smells clean and germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great because they are effective and easy to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using Clorox disinfecting wipes!Easy to use and not messy!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great, convenient way to keep my house clean This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are my favorite cleaning and disinfecting products by far. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes cleans up the tough messes, and sanitizes everything! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox wipes for quick cleaning of sinks and toilets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Huge fan of Clorox wipes! Quick and easy to use, great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox gets your whites whiter than any other brand out there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had to stop using Clorox Bleach because it made my skin itch and the scent or smell made me wheeze. I bought this just to give it a try and there is no strong bleachy smell, it doesn't make my skin itch and it left my white clothe so clean. I'm not even sure if you can use it on non cotton items but I did and I love the results so back to bleach I go which I like using on my socks, underwear and work out clothe to kill the germs.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm disappointed Clorox Bathroom Spray doesn't remove mold. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love that these are so convenient and smell great. So much easier than finding a cleaning spray and paper towels. I absolutely LOVE. Thanks Clorox', {'entities': [(142, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox Wipes for years... Cannot live without them (or prefer not to). Now the smell is so irritating, I will have to purchase another brand to continue my Spring cleaning. I've never had such a strong objection to the smell of any cleaning product. Please at least offer a choice in the old vs. new formula.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE Clorox wipes, but this batch is horrible. The wipes have separated and won't come out of canister in one piece. They rip and tear apart which then makes using 1 wipe useless. You have to get several out just to clean something. The smell is great tho.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I would give ZERO stars to the New Formula Clorox Wipes. I agree with all the other users that say the new formula smells awful. It may cut grease now but I liked the old streak free formula a lot better and it smelled nice. Whatever is in the new formula that cuts grease also makes my hands burn. I've switched to my store brand now since they work just as well as the new formula and they smell better. And they don't make my hands burn when I use them! And they don't leave streaks all over my bathroom counters, mirrors and stove like the Clorox wipes do now. Everyone (including me) used to love Clorox wipes when they first came out. Learn a lesson Clorox- if it isn't broke, don't try to fix it!", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchaed 12443842 for 3.28 and 25483701 for 6.37 - the formulas are exactly the same but the prices are drastically different! http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-Fl-Oz/12443842 http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Company-COX16930-Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-oz/25483701 each bottle reads: Ative Ingredients: n-Alkyl (60 C14, 30 C16, 5 C12, 5 C18) 0.1375 dimethylbenzyl ammonium chloride n-Alkyl (68 C12, 32 C14) 0.1375 dimethyl ethlbenzyl ammonium choride 99.7250 other ingredients 100.0000 total', {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally buy Clorox brand disinfecting wipes over generic wipes because I like the Fresh Scent. I notice that you've changed the scent and strongly dislike it. While I'll look for Lavender scent in the future, I suspect it does not have wide distribution.", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a Kohler Devonshire acrylic tub and cultured marble tub surround and vanity top/sinks. For years I have used Scrub Free, which is safe for acrylic tubs and cultured marble. Now, I cannot find this product locally. A friend has the same tub, which she purchased on my recommendation. She cleans it with Lysol Bathroom Cleaner, but although it is approved by Kohler, the product label says not to use it on acrylic. I decided to test the Lysol product and Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner, which is also approved by Kohler. Plus, the label says it is safe to use on plastics. The Lysol product did a good job - the tested locations on tub and countertop were shiny when rinsed and dried. However the Clorox product left the test spots on the tub and counter dull, and I was really afraid it had done damage to the finish. But after cleaning with the Lysol product, the Clorox test areas were smooth and shiny again. I do not recommend using this product on acrylic.', {'entities': [(461, 467, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't know why Clorox doesn't just manufacture the wipes so that when you open the container for the first time, the first wipe is already sticking out for you to use. It was so hard to pull out the first wipe because the whole thing was rolled together in a way that you couldn't tell which was the first wipe. I ended up pulling out the whole center of the roll and just stuffed it back in to keep the wipes from drying out. The wipes are great and everything, but getting the first one out so you can use the rest Not so great.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I guess I should of paid more attention. I seen that it was Clorox bathroom cleaner and figured it was a bleach product. It is not and I did not figure that out until I had spraying it in the bathtub, so now I can not return it.', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer to use the Clorox brand over all others because of the quality.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the way the bathroom smells after using Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner in our bathrooms', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes work great for kitchen and bathroom cleanup. Smells good and works on hard stains.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's the trusted Clorox wipes we've come to count on, with a scent which makes the whole room smell clean.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I know with Clorox I can trust that all the yucky germs are gone. The wipes could be a little more moisturized.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer Clorox wipes because they last longer and clean better than other methods. I also like the germ-killing.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox wipes in my home. I would recommend them to others. They don't set off my asthma.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are great for cleaning up between kitchen cleanings while cooking, eating, or living every day life.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes do exactly what they say they do! They clean,disinfect, and smell great. They are very convenient to use and dispose of!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox Wipes really make cleaning a snap. The wipes are durable, and really help maintain a great smelling and brilliantly clean surface.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean my countertops and table tops. They always clean up the messes and take away the germs left behind by my 7 year olds.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a pair of twins, there are plenty of messes to clean. With Clorox Wipes, I can clean easily and effectively and know that germs are gone.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love cleaning my kitchen with this product. It leaves the surfaces smooth to the touch and clean scent in the air. I always have Clorox wipes on hand!', {'entities': [(131, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have two kids and things get messy on a regular basis. But I know I can always clean up any mess they make with the help of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(126, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a canister of Clorox Wipes in the kitchen and every bathroom in our home. It is so easy to just pull one out of the canister and get to the cleaning.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My favorite thing about this product is how easy it is to use. My teens have chores around the house, and everything gets cleaned much better when they use Clorox wipes.', {'entities': [(156, 162, 'PRODUCT')]})
('great all around usage and with a toddler in the home everything is sticky when he leaves an area Clorox wipes are great for following behind him wherever he goes.', {'entities': [(98, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm happy knowing that with one little cloth I can wipe down surfaces and know that those little hands are safe... It's comforting and a neccessity. Thank You Clorox!", {'entities': [(159, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have six parrots and anyone who is a parrot lover knows that they can be very messy. The Clorox wipes are a must have if you are going to make any attempt to keep their cages clean.', {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product sells at a very reasonable price and and is a quick and easy way to keep things clean. I have three young children plus a cat and the Clorox wipes have make cleaning and disinfecting small messes very simple.', {'entities': [(147, 153, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have eliminated all disinfectant sprays, rags, and sponges and use Clorox wipes instead. I love the smell and the fact that it kills all germs especially in the bathroom and kitchen! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(69, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love keeping Clorox disinfecting wipes under all the sinks in my home for quick clean ups. We buy meat in bulk and package it in freezer bags..these are great for wiping down the counter after dealing with all the raw meat :-)', {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Fresh Scent Wipes. It leaves my house with a clean smell while disinfecting it. I use them in the bathroom, kitchen, and in the car. I use them for all spills and to wipe down door handles and light switches.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox disinfecting wipes are a good product, that has may uses. There are a few improvements that could be made however. The towels themselves should be stronger. They seem to disintegrate before all of the cleaning fluid has been used.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a brand people trust for clean, disinfected surfaces. These wipes are no exception, with a fresh scent and enough cleaning solution to wipe a large surface. The only improvement would be a dual sided wipe with a rough scrubber on one side and a smooth wipe on the other.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Well, needless to say my 3 boys are messy... but with these wipes it's easier to clean up messes as they come along and to keep everything disinfected!! We like the doctor and all, but only for our check ups, not for colds!! Anywho, thank you Clorox for making my life easier!!", {'entities': [(243, 249, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox products and use them regularly to clean my kitchen and bathroom. They disinfect great. The canister is convenient. I can have it by the sink or store it under the sink. In the bathroom it sits on the back of the toilet. It is also great for pet accidents.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for an easy and fast clean up . With 3 kids I am constantly grabbing a wipe to clean a sink full of toothpaste or cleaning up after a potty training little boy. Gets surfaces clean and sanitized quickly and there is no chemical smell left behind', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product! I have tried other brands and they just don't work as well as Clorox. The only downfall, the top of the container never stays together and I end up having to stick my hand in the container and pull the wipes out. However, Clorox wipes offer a thorough cleaning and they are very convenient.", {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox disinfecting wipes better than any others that I have tried because they do not leave as much of a sticky feeling after they dry as other products. Still, there is a sticky residue left behind as well as streaks. I hope that there will be improvements made to the product in the future.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is always my go to cleaner. It gets all the scum off the tub and walls and the hard to get water stains. I'll take the shower head off and set it in the sink and let this stuff soak on it for a while and it gets all the hard water build up out of the holes of the shower head. You can really tell the difference in a clean shower head. lol.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes are much better to use than generic or even other name brand cleaning wipes. They smell great and I know that it keeps our bathrooms clean since they also include bleach. I would only recommend that they are easier to begin when you open them with the first wipe and that there was not so much liquid left over near the end.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had been using Clorox wipes regularly with good results however, I recently picked up Lysol wipes on sale with a coupon. What I discovered is it takes two Lysol wipes to equal one Clorox wipe. So, the Lysol sale with coupon turned out not to be a good value. Clorox wipes are thicker with plenty of cleaner. Lesson learned.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love using this product. We have three young chindren in the home, and this product is used from kitchen to bathroom. We often have company and entertain which means bringing out the dusty tables and chairs and tables from the attic. I don't have to worry about the dust and germs because we always have Clorox wipes on hand, and they're perfect for the job.", {'entities': [(317, 323, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they disinfect.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes for quick kitchen and bathroom cleanup.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Clorox Disinfecting bathroom cleaner for a long time now. I love the way it cleans.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is always my go to cleaner. It gets all the scum off the tub and walls and the hard to get water stains. I'll take the shower head off and set it in the sink and let this stuff soak on it for a while and it gets all the hard water build up out of the holes of the shower head. You can really tell the difference in a clean shower head. lol.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Clorox Disinfecting bathroom cleaner for a long time now. I love the way it cleans.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love the way the bathroom smells after using Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner in our bathrooms', {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox in itself is a name that means clean in my book. For the bathroom, one of the worst rooms to clean, it is a must have!! Cleans the bath tub, shower, toilet, and sinks with such ease, it takes no time to finish the task. The surfaces are clean, and because of the Clorox name, you KNOW they are.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are so convenient and this is my favorite scent!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I choose to buy Clorox because the wipes are nice and thick!!!', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With kids, Clorox makes my life so much easier thank you Clorox', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Smells great and I know it's disinfecting because it's Clorox.", {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('it get the tough messes out. i love the Clorox smell of freshness.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox thanks for getting such a product to market for us consumers.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes. I use them when I clean my kitchen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my 1 stop for cleaning most of my home surfaces!! THANKS', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes clean up just about anything from your kitchen to bathroom.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other disinfecting wipes and Clorox works the best. Strong.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love that I can have the disinfecting power of Clorox in a easy to use wipe!', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love anything Clorox. I really in love with the wipes. Just wipe and go This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for cleaning and disinfecting. Great for killing germs', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are awesome for quick clean ups and also disinfect.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting wipes to wipe down the toilets in my house.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer Clorox over any other brand. They are a trusted and proven brand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to clean with Clorox. I know that the serface will be clean and disinfeced', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes for when you need a clean bathroom in a hurry.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Simply the best disinfecting wipe! I wouldn't trade Clorox for any other brand.", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love my Clorox wipes. I use them to clean everything! They smell great also!!!!', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! Easy to use, convenient and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Anything that can be wiped in my house or even in my car I always use Clorox wipes!', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use the Clorox wipes to clean up after breakfast. They are quick to use.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are incredibly convenient. They save me time and money.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The only wipes that our first grade class uses! We trust Clorox to keep us healthy!!!', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Wipes everywhere in my home!!! I couldn't live without them. thank you!!!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Wipes, but Fresh is my favorite scent!!! Use it everywhere in my house!!!!', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I clean my kitchen and bathroom counters with the Clorox Wipes, I know they are clean.', {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My best friend . I love my Clorox wipes . These were made just for us OCD clean freaks...', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With our large family and busy life we use Clorox wipes. They work great and smell nice.', {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I know it's the reason why we been able to keep down the sickies around here.Thanks Clorox", {'entities': [(84, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like to use the Clorox wipes for cleaning the restroom, just makes it easier!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. Easy to use,convenient packaging and always a great value.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh) are a convenient cleaning tool. Plus they smell awesome.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This was the best thing that Clorox has ever made for easy and convenience. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love how well my bathroom feels after it's been cleaned with Clorox Bathroom Cleaner!", {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are convenient and leave everything smelling fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes you can use them around the house very convenient product.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love, Love, Love Clorox wipes. I use them on everything and anything!! Great Product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are easy on the go when you dont have time to really scrub your house. Clorox is awesome!', {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes on everything in my house, after use I feel so much cleaner and sanitized.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the way this leaves a good smell after i clean. This is the only one that I use. Thanks Clorox', {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes for use in my bathroom! They smell great and I can quickly wipe up the sink everyday.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So convenient and easy to use. I use them in bathrooms and kitchen almost daily! I love Clorox wipes!', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("LOVE all Clorox wipes, I use them everywhere! I don't know how I cleaned before I started using these!", {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great! So convienent to use at home or on the go...All you need to carry is it!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE LOVE LOVE! These wipes leave my house always clean when I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes(Fresh)', {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox wipes are amazing, they are so easy to use, and smell so good!! my bathroom sparkles!!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a name I grew up with. It is a brand know I can trust to kill germs and do a great cleaning job.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a quick and easy way to clean up small spills or to disinfect areas like the bathroom sink.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried several brands, but Clorox wipes are by far the best! This scent is the best one on the market.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes make everything so easy! I love that they are so convenient and make quick clean up a breeze!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes and use them all around the house. I trust this product will keep buying it.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So this is my favorite brand of Clorox wipes. I love how it cleans and leaves everything smelling fresh and clean.', {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the best way to clean. Just one wipes clean a great deal!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are fantastic no matter what job you need them to do!! Wouldn't trust any other brand ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this all the time. I have 2 girls that love to leave a mess.I don't worry when I have Clorox in my house", {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I highly recommend Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom cleaner. It leaves your bathroom sparkling and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they are great for easy cleanup and the fresh scent leaves my house smelling great!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('excellent product---easy and fast! Knowing it is Clorox, I can trust that the cleaned area is disinfected.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are tough and get the job done. I love how i only need to use one wipe to clean up a big job.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox Wipes around the house and in our vehicles. They work great and get everthing very clean.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great and SAFE for everyday messes. I would recommend Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to al my friends and neighbors', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday- everywhere! They are so great to use in every room and I know that it is clean!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes, I use them all over my home and what I like about them is they don't leave a film behind.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for cleaning in my kitchen bathroom to remove germs. It is an effective and overall great product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes they clean easily without hanging on to a dirty rag or sponge They are so effective and convient.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Brand wipes for everything. They are safe and really do a great job. I highly recommend them to others.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i use Clorox wipes in all rooms my house because they are so convienent for cleaning and easy wipe upd This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! Not only because they work amazingly well but because they smell amazing too!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a huge fan of Clorox wipes, I use them in the kitchen, bathroom, laundry room, ANYWHERE that need disinfecting', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes to clean my bathrooms and kitchen counters. They smell great and disinfect great as well!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes everywhere, but especially to clean the bathroom! They get the job done and smell amazing!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the great job it does to disinfect. The towels never fall apart and the smell is fresh. Great product Clorox!', {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! they are so convenient, they disinfect, and leave the surface spotless! bu-bye germs This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox is the best brand I have ever used. I use it for everything in my home. It's fits into my everyday life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes in all areas of my home and car. No other products can match the cleaning power and smell of this product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the Clorox wipes. I literally use them every day for my kitchen as well as doorknobs, etc. to kill germs!', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always try to have these on hand when I go out with my kids. Perfect for disinfecting carts and kids toys! Thank you Clorox!', {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE these wipes.. they are convienient, easy to use, kill gems and smell great! Keep up the GREAT work Clorox!!', {'entities': [(117, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is so easy to get the kids to help clean when mom is not home...by using Clorox fresh wipes!!! They all want to help! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(76, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfectant Wipes daily to keep my home germ free. They are so convenient- no need for a spray and paper towel.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox wipes for just about all my surface cleaning needs. They clean everything so nice and smell great to.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a busy mom, wife, employee and student. I love anything that helps make my time in the kitchen easier. Thanks Clorox!', {'entities': [(115, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When we travel i aways pack my Clorox Wipes to make sure where ever we stay we don't pick up germs that maybe left behind.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Clorox disinfecting wipes for their convenience in the kitchen bathroom to easily clean-up and disinfect these areas.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use fresh scent Clorox wipes everyday on my kitchen counters,appliances and in the bathroom. I absolutely love this product.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I work at a bank and handle money all day. When counting change for rolling my fingers get filthy. Clorox Wipes are a must have.', {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great product, affordable and I'm confident my home is clean. Use Clorox wipes in my kitchen nightly as part of my cleaning routine.", {'entities': [(66, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox wipes! A name I can trust and so easy to grab a wipe and have my surface disinfected and ready to use again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wipes are great. I prefer the fresh scent the best. I know they sanitize because of the Clorox name. I use them in every room!', {'entities': [(94, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox wipes. When I use these, I know everythings getting clean and disinfected. Thank You for making great products...', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family keeps Clorox wipes in every vehicle because we feel this product sanitizes better that the average hand sanitizing gels.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for a quick clean up. The disinfecting power give you peace of mind that your surfaces are germ free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I teach middle school students and we are always in need of Clorox wipes. They are great for everything, especially sanitizing desks!', {'entities': [(60, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a container of Clorox wipes in both bathrooms, laundry room and kitchen. It helps me keep my family healthy and free of germs.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm such a Clorox fan! I use these wipes practically everyday and on almost everything. Keeps everything so clean and fresh smelling.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i can't live without it! i disinfect everything for my kids and my family. i have used other brands but feel safer with Clorox Wipes!", {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for everything! I travel with the wipes for hotel bathrooms. I clean with the wipes. I will forever be a customer!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of use and effectiveness of the Clorox wipes, they are easy to use on all surfaces and I know it leaves my house clean.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes cleans better than other(s) cleaners...less grease and grim and smells better than competitors cleaning wipe products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love this product it smells great , cleans and disinfects we,ll I have tried other products but always come back to Clorox wipes', {'entities': [(123, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox wipes to clean surfaces that are touched frequently to get rid of germs. The wipes leave behind a clean fresh scent.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes every day. They're much more convenient than spray bottles and very easy to pack for road trips too.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Both Kitchen and Bathrooms, I can rely on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for cleaning any surface and I will know that the job has been done.', {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a great product. I use at my job and around the house. My kids make lots of messes so this really helps. Thanks Clorox for helping me out.', {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We use Clorox wipes for everything - bathroom, kitchen, kid's play area, etc. All of the scents are great, but I LOVE the Fresh scent the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting wipes are great for all around the house and even cleaning the inside of your vehicle. They leave a fresh clean smell, too.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has the best cleaning products ever! I always use Clorox Disinfecting wipes when cleaning the house and especially after cooking dinner.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When cleaning anything with this Clorox product it smells clean and fresh and you have the safety feeling of knowing it is clean for everyone.', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes. It makes a mess easy to clean up. Kids can use them also. They fit my price budget and it smells great also.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't know what I did without Clorox wipes. I have a canister in each of the bathrooms and in the kitchen. It makes my life so much easier.", {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this and all clorox products.The clorox wipes are the best.I always know things are germ free after cleaning with them..Thanks Clorox', {'entities': [(134, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used several different cleansing wipes, but I prefer the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they leave no residue, dry quickly and smell great.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes. I have them in the car, and in my kitchen. I know all the germs are gone, after I use my Clorox wipes. I use them like CRAZY!!!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes!!! I have 3 small kids and they are wonderful for spills. The only thing I wish is that they didn't leave a slight sticky residue", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes have a great scent but also have great cleaning power! Great to use on a quick clean up and for more intense cleaning too!', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a busy schedule it is nice to know that when the bathroom or kitchen needs a quick cleaning/disinfecting that Clorox wipes come to the rescue.', {'entities': [(115, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoy using Clorox Disinfecting Fresh Wipes in our bathroom. They're safe and effective for cleaning, and ensures a clean bathroom for my family.", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With 3 males in the house, the bathroom is always gross, I always have the Clorox wipe handy, this cleans the bathroom mirrors exceptionally well WITHOUT streaks.', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes line of products and always use them on my kitchen and bathroom countertops and other surfaces. The smell is so fresh and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom cleaner and I love it. It clearns the bathroom very well and leaves it smelling clean. I would highly recommend this product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Absolutley love the wipes. I have a container in every room and it makes me feel good that I can trust a brand like Clorox and keep my family healthy and safe.', {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These little gems are a life saver! From helping me cleaning up life's little messes, to keeping my family safe from germs, Clorox wipes go with me everywhere.", {'entities': [(124, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean my bathrooms, kitchen, and everything in between! They are a great product....don't know what I would do without them!!!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only does my bathroom look great after I use Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner but I know it is clean. It does a wonderful job. Germs are demolished!', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes at school where I teach and at home in the bathrooms and kitchen. The surfaces are always clean and fresh along with being disinfected.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only do I use Clorox wipes to clean counters, walls, the fridge, I also use them to clean the floor in small areas such as the bathroom. So convenient.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep these wipes handy in my bathroom and in my kitchen. They are used on everything and everywhere that germs collect. Clorox products are my favorite!', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Wipes for almost everything! I have a 2 1/2 year old and an eleven month old, so messes happen! This is definitely a product I can count on.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love that these wipes are so handy and because they are from Clorox I have no reason to worry that what I have wiped down isn't clean! Great for a busy mom!", {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are my favorite cleaning supply in my classroom. They are quick, easy to use, smell great and give me a piece of mind when we are fighting all those germs!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes on every surface in my home from the kitchen to outside furniture, They work great, give me piece of mind and smell wonderful to boot! Thanks CLOROX!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family can never have too many Clorox wipes. My husband is obsessed with cleaning everything with Clorox wipes. This may be the way to get the man to clean the house!', {'entities': [(34, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product , it not only cleans but disinfects everything from cleaner tops to bathroom fixtures, i have to keep Clorox wipes in every room in my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I use Clorox Wipes and know it's clean and the smell of clean puts a smile on my face.The I feel proud that when people come over you know they see a clean house!", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them every day to wipe down my kitchen counters and other surfaces. I also send several tubs to school to keep the germs away! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are my go to in my day! I have 4 children, so there is always something to wipe off! Clorox Disinfecting wipes help my day go a little smooth and a little cleaner!', {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are so convenient to clean up all the icky bathroom messes and then dispose in the garbage. I can clean and toss with no fear of spreading germs.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have a puppy that we are working on potty training and my floors family are extremely grateful for Clorox Wipes! I love knowing my house is clean and smells nice too!', {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used clorox and lysol wipes in the past. I found that lysol wipes leave a dulling residue everywhere. Clorox doesn't! I use it for all my day to day cleaning......", {'entities': [(109, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My kindergarten Sunday School students help me clean up with Clorox Wipes every Sunday. I love that it does such a great job killing germs while being safe enough for young children to use.', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox disinfecting wipes (Fresh) for several surfaces in my home and I feel confident in knowing that not only are the surfaces clean, but it also makes my home smell fresh and clean.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everywhere! There are perfect for wiping down the bathroom in between cleanings, wiping down doors, countertops, and much more. I also keep a pack in my car for spills!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am absolutely addicted to Clorox wipes. They are so handy and allow me to truly feel that the surfaces that I am cleaning with have been cleaned AND disinfected.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cook daily and have a 2 year old running around.. Clorox wipes helps me know I have cleaned and disinfected any surface the 2 year old may come in contact with..', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are one of the best products I have used. I love the way any Clorox product cleans, and the wipes give me the benefit of them being easily accessible.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried Lysol wipes, but I like Clorox best...not just the smell, but the cloth-like texture of the wipe itself. These are great for keeping the bathroom clean!", {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Every morning I reached for the clorox wipes to clean my Moms hospital bed. Its disinfecting, disposable and convient. This helps my job go smoothly. Thanks Clorox.', {'entities': [(157, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's my go to cleaner. The wipes are terrific at getting up the small messes in the kitchen to making my bathroom counter tops sparkle. Clorox wipes are dependable.", {'entities': [(136, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do all my cleaning with Clorox wipes. When I don't have any I feel like my house is not clean or disinfected. I always have more than one container in my household.", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these on a daily basis. My son's kindergarten class also uses these and only Clorox! Thank you for these life-saving wipes that my life as a busy mom swears by!", {'entities': [(83, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("During the winter my dogs tend to track in dirt and mud on our wood laminate floors. The Clorox disinfecting wipes make clean up easy and it doesn't harm our floors.", {'entities': [(89, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am messy in the kitchen and can always rely on my Clorox wipes when I spill food. The fresh scent and power of Clorox lets me know that my kitchen is clean again!!', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is superior for cleaning and the smell is wonderful. When using these wipes , I never worry about spreading germs from my counters to my family.. Way to go Clorox.', {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes, they do a great job and are so convenient. I have them in each of my bathrooms. They really do a great job if I need to quickly sanitize anything. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The smell makes me feel secure that it is working as it should. The sniffles invaded our space last week so we wiped down everything with Clorox. It makes a difference! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(138, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can clean everywhere from the kitchen to the bathroom to my pet's things with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I know that wherever I use them, rest assured the space will be clean.", {'entities': [(80, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox wipes are strong, durable and I am confident in their ability to clean and sanitize my home. There isn't a room in my house that I don't use Clorox wipes. They are GREAT!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love to use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on door knobs, and other areas in my home that could harbor bacteria. They are wonderful for quick clean ups on bathroom counters too.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a big fan of Clorox and Clorox wipes. Its great to be able to grab a wipe for spills or to clean and disinfect. I trust the brand and am glad to have a convenient way to clean!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my little niece and nephew but, I know there will be sticky little hand prints when they leave. As long as I have my Clorox disinfecting wipes, I know cleanup will be a snap.', {'entities': [(124, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This cleaner smells better than some cleaners that are out there (not as strong, doesn't make my eyes burn). I love Clorox cleaners because I know they are killing GERMS as I go :)", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love using Clorox Disinfecting wipes to clean our bathrooms and the fresh scent is amazing!! They get the job done and helps cut down on the bacteria lurking in our bathrooms.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having Clorox wipes on hand and all times. They are so easy to use to clean up the constant messes all over my house. I use them mostly in the kitchen and bathroom for quick clean-ups.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes to clean and disinfect doorknobs, tables, countertops and toys. I also use them in my bathroom daily as I am potty training my 2 year old son. They are a must in my house!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I take Clorox wipes with us when we stay in a motel and wipe all the tv remores, handles, drawers pulls etc. when we firstget into the room to ensure germ free stay and it's so easy to pack!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Clorox disinfecting wipes. They are easy to use and can clear all types of surfaces from all kinds of diseases and other kinds of things that can harm you. I would highly recommend', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes everyday! They are are especially helpful for quick clean-ups, and being a mother of twin 3 year old boys, we have a lot of messes to clean up after! Quality product!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox disinfecting wipes on at least a daily basis to wipe down tables, door handles, phone, and chairs. This is a great preventive to keep your students in class and learning.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are good for cleaning up after my grandaughter, who loves to play outside with her friends. I keep the countertops germ free, as well as the entire bathroom.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Wipes, fresh scent are my product. They handle all the germs, grime and don't have an overpowering scent. I use them in the Kitchen and the Bathrooms and they get the job done.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes. I use them in my kitchen and the laundromat...Did not realize how dirty the folding tables were at the laundromat till I started using these wipes.. Thanks Clorox.!', {'entities': [(176, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i absolutely love this product, it is great for cleaning up tough jobs that most cleaners wont clean, it has even killed mildew! Wouldnt know what to do without it! thank you Clorox', {'entities': [(175, 181, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Wipes are great, easy convenient. They get rid of the germs to give peace and mind. These wipes clean up messes in the kitchen Bath Great! The fresh scent leaves my house feeling fresh clean. I love Clorox Wipes!!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The wipes are great! They disinfect and leave my house smelling so fresh. They are also very durable. I have always trusted Clorox to deliver a quality product. This is just one more example of Clorox's awesome product line.", {'entities': [(124, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product is something that I keep in literally every room in my house. It is easy, so my son will actually clean the bathroom and I have the comfort of knowing that when he's finished, it's actually clean. Thanks Clorox!", {'entities': [(217, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are handy to have around for quick clean-ups if you know someone is stopping by... I just run around the bathrooms and the kitchen and in five minutes everything is sparkling. I always have some in my closet.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a nurse so I understand that there are millions of germs out there ready to make me and my family sick. I am so glad that Clorox wipes are so easy and quick. It makes keeping my family healthy and happy so much easier.', {'entities': [(127, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the BEST cleaning product on the market! I use these for everything....especially in my classroom! Keeps my students desks clean and leaves such a fresh clean scent in my classroom! I LOVE Clorox wipes!!!!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have a toddler so there are lots of places that don't feel very clean. Atleast not until we wipe them down with Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! They get rid of the grimey and crusty places and make them fresh smelling again!", {'entities': [(115, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in Fresh scent. Not only does the quality of this product clean up just about every mess on earth, but the smell of the wipes makes you want to clean your whole house!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My youngest daughter has a neuromuscular disease, so it's really important to us that we keep our house as free of germs as possible. Clorox Disinfecting Wipes work well, and they help me to save time.", {'entities': [(134, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes makes my cleaning so easy. From small spills or big disinfecting cleaning jobs these wipes are very helpful. I use these wipes in every room, my car, and at work at my desk.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean the wood top tables in our art room once a month. They are excellent in removing acrylic paint, paper mache, clay, markers, and crayon from the surfaces.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My students and I use Clorox wipes (fresh) weekly to clean away germs, dirt, glue, crayon, etc from our tables. They are fast and efficient, and make our classroom smell fresh and clean. We love them!', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only does the Clorox wipes sanitize and disinfect, they smell clean too! My co-workers always comment on how good my nurse station smells after I use them! A favorite among the nursing staff!!!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The ONLY wipes that I use! Clorox is the best, hands down! They are super moist, have a soft side, and a grooved side and get the job done right! I use them on a daily basis to keep my home clean!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have Clorox Fresh wipes in both bathrooms, the kitchen and both vehicles! On occation I do clean houses and tell them they have to buy it before I come! It's the most bought cleaning item I buy!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for a variety of purposes - wipe down handles and knobs, counters,and baby toys. I never hand the toy back to my baby immediately. I usually clean during nap time or at night.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these on just about every hard surface in my house. They're awesome in the bathroom, kitchen, or to wipe off door handles and light switches. I have tried other brands but always come back to Clorox.", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on just about every surface in my home. Not only are they disenfecting my home they smell good too. Using Clorox wipes I worry less about germs and my family getting sick.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have asthma and I am sensitive to many things. Cholorox disifecting wipes are one of the few items that I can use. I am always amazed at what they clean up. Thank you Clorox for such a great product.', {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a new GrandMother last year and this year as well I really rely on Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for anything my Grandsons touch. It is reassuring to know that what they are touching is absolutely clean and disinfected. Thank you Clorox!', {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely LOVE Clorox disinfecting wipes. Fresh and Lemon are my faves, but they all are great. I keep a canister in all my bathrooms, the kitchen, and the laundry room. They are perfect for quick touch-ups and everyday cleaning.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes in my bathroom. I have the container sitting on top of the toilet tank so that it's easy to remember to swipe when you're done. Having them there to use daily makes cleaning the toilet so easy. Thanks, Clorox!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are great for almost any type cleanup. I use in the kitchen as well as in bathrooms. I did not think I would like them but I will have to say that I was wrong because after using them they are my favorite !', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! As someone who is a bit of a neat freak and has young children, these are great for a quick clean without the hassle of a sponge and cleaner. I use it on counters, door handles, and other surfances.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('To keep germs at bay, Clorox wipes are used daily for cleaning kindergarten tables and other areas in the classroom. There is a notable difference in levels of sicknesses when Clorox wipes are used vs not being used.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love and trust the Clorox brand. Compared to some other store brands, these wipes are larger in size and well worth the cost! Always have a few of the wipes to-go in my purse to clean icky surfaces for my toddler :)', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox disinfecting wipes for the longest time and i don't plan on stopping. I use it all around my apartment and it cleans up really well. I have even bought the traveling pack to take where ever i go.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Since I have free-roaming cats in my house I wipe down my kitchen counters every day when I get home from work before I prepare dinner. Clorox disinfecting wipes are prefect for just this purpose - I love them!', {'entities': [(136, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox Wipes. I have them in my kitchen and bathrooms. They clean up almost every mess and with an active 2 yr old in the house they are needed more than ever. I would recommend this product to anyone.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! I have a 2 year old son who I am potty training. Potty training can get messy so I keep a canister of Clorox Wipes on the back of the toilet. Easy clean up and sanitizes at the same time!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are the ONLY way to clean on a daily basis, but especially when your loved ones have been sick! We use these in our home in order to not spread germs, and with 5 children we definitely need them!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried other disinfecting wipes with a fresh scent and they always end up feeling like they're burning my nose--or they just plain stink. Clorox wipes in the Fresh scent truly is a fresh, clean scent.", {'entities': [(144, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have to always have Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in both my bathroom and kitchen area. I'm a clean freak so it's always necessary to have these handy. Luv that they do all my hard work for me. Thanks Clorox!!!", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! I use them in every room of my house and keep a container in my car too! They smell great and clean up everything my family (including the furry ones) can dish out! They are a must in our house!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My sister sells books and other items online. Before she ships the item, she always wipes it down with Clorox wipes. It cleans, disinfects and makes it smell nice. She has gotten rave reviews from her buyers!! Thanks, Clorox!!!', {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't believe how effortless it is to clean up the bathroom with Clorox's Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner. Before I know it, everything it back to sparkling clean condition and I don't feel like I had to spend hours scrubbing!", {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these throughout my house daily. With two young boys, there is always something that needs to be cleaned and disinfected. These wipes are convienent and easy to use in the kitchen and bathroom. We even use them when traveling. Thanks, Clorox!', {'entities': [(241, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this Clorox product and many others in my kitchen, dining room, bathroom on every doorknob and handle in my home. It smells great and keeps my home germ free. I reccomend these products to everybody, especially those with pets and children.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Clorox wipes for everything...toys, tables, counters, bathtub, toilets, floors. I keep a package in EVERY room of our house. I could not live without them!! The scent does not matter. We usually buy a five pack that has all the scents in it.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox wipes! I do not like using a sponge any longer and use the wipes knowing that the germs are gone from the counters! I love cleaning the bathroom sinks and toilets too. I have tried other brands but I have found Clorox to be the best!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox wipes!! They smell amazing, and I trust that they are getting rid of all the nasty germs I can't see! Having a toddler running around, it's important to me to know I am killing most of the surface germs in one easy swipe!! EASY!!", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox disinfecting wipes are my favorite brand when it comes to cleaning wipes. The lysol brand has too strong of an odor that affects my husband who has asthma. I also love clorox cleaning wipes because it's the only way my husband will clean.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My first choice of disinfecting wipes is always Clorox. I tried to use other brand once when they were on sale, but the other brands are not as good as Clorox. Thanks for such a wonderful product that helps my house and my family bacteria-proof.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am CRAZY about Clorox wipes - this scent is my favorite with the lemon at a close second!! Excellent product, affordable, convenient, gets the job done! I do find that they dry fairly quickly, which is kind of disappointing, but all in all - EXCELLENT product!', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these wipes because they are effective they smell great! I hate having to clean the bathroom. Its where the most germs are but when i have a Clorox wipe in my hand, i feel like the germs are getting stuck in it not going on my hand. I just love them :)', {'entities': [(148, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes for my kitchen, my bathrooms, my door handles, my kid's toys! It gets the dirt off in one wipe! It makes my house smell fresh and there is no overwhelming smell of bleach! I love these wipes for just about anything in my home!", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These make cleaning so easy. Little spills and big spills, I always use Clorox Disinfecting wipes. I have 3 young children who always spill juice or food on the floor or table. Clorox Disinfecting Wipes help me clean up the messes quickly and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of using a Clorox Wipe to clean off all the germy things I come into contact with! I use them at work, where I interact with college students who are constantly sick, and at home to wipe off everything from the door knobs to the toilet seat!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Clorox disinfecting wipes! The smell great and kill germs. My kids like helping me clean the counters and this product is safe enough for them to handle them. (wash hands after). LOVE. I even use them in my classrooms to wipe tables and chairs.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes on all surfaces in my kitchen and bathrooms, including: sinks, counter tops, stove top, refrigerator, table tops, tile floors, and bath tub. They are versatile, easy to pull out, and durable. One wipe can complete many jobs.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the ease of Clorox wipes in keeping my house clean. I have two children under three, so there are a lot of messes. The wipe kills the germs and the pleasant scent isn't too strong like other wipes. Two thumbs up for Clorox Fresh Wipes.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always worked in cleaning fields and used multiple products but clorox has always been the best! The smell is always great, easy to use, and ALWAYS get's the job done. Clorox wipes are a lifesaver that is an easy grab and go solution.", {'entities': [(175, 181, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting wipes at home for the kitchen, bathroom, doorknobs, etc. and at work to clean the inside of my police car! I am comfortable using the Clorox brand because I know that my environment will be clean and disinfected!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use the Lysol Disinfecting Wipes daily in our classrooms. We clean the tables and countertops in the classroom. When done , we throw away the wipe. How clean and easy! By the way, the wipes has a nice clean, fresh sent! Thank Clorox!', {'entities': [(229, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a household staple used in nearly every room of my home even my car. They cut right through dirt grime with very little effort leave a pleasing scent behind. I never let myself run out of Clorox wipes never will!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this clorox spray cleaner is so convenient, I actually use in the kitchen, bathrooms and anywhere else that needs disinfecting. I have dogs, cats, and children and use it daily. Work great. I know things are clean when I've used Clorox.", {'entities': [(229, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox has made it easy to keep that clean feeling in all my bathrooms. I keep one tub of the Clorox Disnfecting Wipes under eazch sink, and even one in my kitchen. Makes cleaning the bathroom a breeze! A must have on my shopping list!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in my bathroon for quick clean up and disinfecting the sink and toilet daily. Also, I use them in my kitchen to wipe of counters everyday. I cook a lot and want to make sure the counter is disinfected after preperation.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I luv Clorox wipes..I keep these behind our toilet, have trained our 6 yr old to wipe dn the seat every time..Wow, my bathroom stays clean fresh smelling..Its so good to know that all germs are being taken care of all during tha day!! THANK U CLOROX!!!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox Disinfecting Wipes because they're so versatile. You can use them on so many different surfaces and know that you're disinfecting them. They are affordable and well worth the cost. I keep them everywhere at home at work and in my purse.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wipe down my child's toys every night. I know using my trusty Clorox wipes each toys is clean and safe for my baby to play with. I love the smell too! I clean my kitchen counters, bathroom, door knobs and everything else! I LOVE LOVE LOVE these wipes!", {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my favorite cleaning product in my cabinet. It's fast, readily available, and enables me to feel like I get my home sanitized and clean in the swipe of a hand. No prep, just pop and pull. I can't believe it's made cleaning so easy, Thanks Clorox!", {'entities': [(247, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a 7 yr old boy who has his friends at my house often. Clorox wipes are the only brand that I trust to disenfect my house (especially after a play date!!). They are so convenient and I like to have wipes in every room of our house. Thanks Clorox!!', {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work at a resort and I don't know what I'd do without these. I use them to clean the restroom toilet rims. Cleans quickly, without having to waste a paper towel to dry it off. The scent makes the whole bathroom smell clean and fresh. Thank You Clorox!", {'entities': [(246, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is simply put.....amazing. I have tried all disenfecting wipes including lysol and many others. No other product compares to Clorox. I love the smell, the way it deep cleans. I am not afraid to use this product around my children or pets.', {'entities': [(138, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner! It's so easy to use and leaves my bathroom smelling clean and fresh. I use it on all the surfaces in my bathroom and it doesn't leave a residue or have an overpowering chemcal smell. It's a Super Cleaner!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes all the time in my home and at work. The wipes are convenient and have a great smell. After using the product, I am confident that the surface I cleaned is disinfected and sanitized. Thank you for a wonderful product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This wipe is fabulous for quick wipes. Whether it be to clean a sink after a morning of kiddo teach brushes or a good scrub, the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the way to go. They are quick ,and convenient . A must have for every bathroom and kitchen.', {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've gotten my 8 year old to finally be ok with cleaning the bathroom as long as he's able to use the Clorox wipes... we're both borderline germaphobes so it's great to have a product that I know is cleaning, plus have a great scent to leave behind", {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes! I use them everywhere escpecially in the bathroom and kitchen to wipe down all surfaces. I also use them to wipe door handles in the entire house to help stop the spread of germs. This is such a versatile product -I can't live without it!", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We work in animal rescue and it is VERY important to sanitize before and after transporting puppies. I keep Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in the back of our suv so we can easily do that anytime we have an emergency. Clorox products are one of our go-to products in our industry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(108, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox disinfecting wipes, I have a canister in every room in the house! They are convenient, don't fall apart and can do some heavy cleaning. Also important, the dispenser works very well so you don't have to keep fishing into the container for the next wipe! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox Wipes for many years and over all the wipe products, the smell, thickness, and overall durability is unbeatable. I use them to clean, wipe in my kitchen, bathroom, door knobs and on stains. Best product on the market and has been since it came out.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Whenever the school year rolls around, I always see the teachers requesting this product on their school supply list. Just like teachers, I can always rely on the Clorox Disinfecting Wipes to clean up around my house, especially in the kitchen bathrooms. Nothing compares to the Clorox wipes!', {'entities': [(163, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love these wipes. It is important to me that they are disinfecting and knowing that they are made by Clorox makes me feel safe. I enjoy this scent and also the Lavender one. Great for a quick sanitizing clean up of the kitchen or bathroom. You know it is clean and smells good too!!', {'entities': [(110, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product. When there is a mess at my house, I always use Clorox Disinfecting wipes. It is an easy way to clean up! i use at my bathrooms all the time...specially in my kids' bathroom, you how messy those could be! Only one quick clean up with clorox wipes and I am all done!", {'entities': [(68, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If Clorox Disinfecting Wipes were a little bigger, i.e. they fix a Clorox or Swiffer Cleaning Mop, I'd subscribe for the Wipes to be delivered by the case and by the month!!!!! 10 Stars if I could efficiently and effectively clean my floors with them. All the scents are great, too.", {'entities': [(3, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I can even get my 11 and 12-yr-old boys to take part in keeping their bathroom fresh and tidy with the ease of a wipe that's convenient to use, safe from waste and damage to clothing, and economical. Going back to spray cleaners is not even tempting.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Clorox wipes to disinfect areas my bathroom and kitchen. I am susceptible to illness and it is very important to protect as much as possible against germs that cause illness. I need a disinfectant wipe that will help protect my home and feel that Clorox Wipes does the job!', {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a family of 4 and the bathroom is definately the place in the house that I am concerned with keeping clean. I have tried mroe products than I can remember and Clorox Bathroom Cleaner is the best I have found...hands down. It cleans, smells good, disinfects...it's awesome!", {'entities': [(166, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live with 3 boys...and all are boys in every sense of the word. The messiest place By far the bathroom! I use Clorox Bathroom Cleaner multiple times a week to clean up after those boys and keep our bathroom smelling fresh and clean. It's a must have in this household!", {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. Love how efficient they are. Love how I KNOW that my countertop or bathroom area are truely clean. Love how I can do a quick cleaning before expecting company and how I don't have to rinse afterwards! Thanks Clorox for making my cleaning life easier!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Clorox wipes are awesome! Ive tried purchasing similar items to save money but absolutley nothing compares to them! They clean up grease and other messes WAY better than anything! Its worth spending a little more to get the cleaning power I need!! THANKS CLOROX!!!', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We clean our school tables and desks with these wipes everyday. I work in a Special Ed. classroom and we never know what might end up on their hands. They put their hands in unbelieveable places. Glad we have Clorox wipes to keep germ's away so we can stay healthy!!!!", {'entities': [(209, 215, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find Clorox Wipes to be the most effective disinfecting wipes of all the different brands I've tried. I use them multiple times a day to wipe down hard surfaces throughtout the house. From the diningroom to the nursery I have a container in every room of the house!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Clorox wipes for anywhere around the house. They are so convenient to throw into the car, RV or boat and are excellent for tailgating. A clean fragrance without a sticky residue like some wipes, I feel good in knowing they are killing germs on contact too!', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh) are great to use when you want to do a quick wipe around the toilet and door knobs. Clean your toilet thoroughly and use the wipes in between. For knobs I just walk through the house wiping the knobs when needed! Love this product!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always use my Clorox wipes to clean kitchen surfaces when I am handling any type of raw meat - I know I won't have to worry about leaving behind any nasty germs after using the wipes. This is one of many uses but my favorite to keep my kitchen surfaces germ free", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convience of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh)! The smell is not overwhelming, and it makes it so easy to clean surfaces. I keep one container of wipes in each bathroom, and one in my kitchen. It makes it easy to keep my home fresh, clean, and disinfected. Thank you Clorox for this great product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have literally tried all the wipes out there and I have come to the conclusion that Clorox wipes are simply the best. They do not have an overwhelming smell like most wipes. They clean everything and make everything sparkle and when you are done, everything SMELLS clean as well as look it. Amazing.', {'entities': [(86, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox in itself is a name that means clean in my book. For the bathroom, one of the worst rooms to clean, it is a must have!! Cleans the bath tub, shower, toilet, and sinks with such ease, it takes no time to finish the task. The surfaces are clean, and because of the Clorox name, you KNOW they are.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox fresh scent dysinfecting wipes. They are strong and the smell left behind lets me know my house is cleaned. I use them all the time especially in the kitchen and my children's rooms. Also as a teacher I use them daily to wipe done classroom supplies and desks. Can't live without them!!!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When my son went off to college, we took a couple of my containers of Clorox wipes. We were able to wipe everything down to disinfect.and clean up the dust. It was wonderful! He loved that it was quick and not messy. His roommates have since emailed me to please send more! They are using them to keep the room clean and it doesn't take alot of effort.", {'entities': [(70, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox disinfecting wipes are handy and economical. I use them in the morning and at night in my kitchen and bath. It takes about 5 minutes to disinfect the surfaces in my house. I also use them on door knobs and light switches especially during cold and flu season. Clorox is one of the most trusted line of cleaning products on the market today.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use clorox qipes as a quick way to clean counters, sinks and appliances. As a family we are always running to an activity. I like to come home to a clean kitchen, which isnt always possible with three teenagers eating a quick dinner or snack before their activity. Clorox wipes helps with messy spills and a quick wipe down of eating surfaces.', {'entities': [(267, 273, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Although I love all of Clorox Cleaners, I have to say Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom is my favorite. Every time I use it I walkaway knowing my bathroom is truly clean, and it smells great. I have worked as a house keeper for a couple of Hotel chains and both of them solely used Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner, that speaks for its self.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE these! I have given up on using sponges to clean up the kitchen counters. I couldn't help but wonder...where have those sponges been and what germs are they carrying I switched over to using Clorox disinfecting wipes. No more rank smelling sponges, I truly believe my counters are cleaner and my family is safer from bacteria etc.", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried many disinfecting wipes that are on the market. But for the value and for the comfort of knowing I am using a Clorox product, this wipe is absolutely the best. I have 3 large dogs and when I clean any of their messes I want to know that the surface is CLEAN! Clorox does that for me. It is so convenient to use too!', {'entities': [(123, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting wipes! I use them to clean and sanitize practically every area of my home. They're easy to access, no mess to clean up, and they make you feel like your home is already that much more safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use a CPAP machine to breathe at night which requires me to wear a full mask. I clean the mask daily with Clorox wipes to disinfect it and keep it clean. The wipes work very well and I also use them for cleaning light switches, toilet handles, door knobs and try to carry a few whenever I go out for elevator buttons, etc.', {'entities': [(108, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am know to love to save money - whenever I can! That sometimes leads me to changing to other brands that are cheaper. It never fails, though that no matter how much I've saved I'm always disappointed in the quality of the what I've gotten! That never happens with Clorox Bathroom Cleaner! It's consistently reliable and easy to use! It's worth every dime! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(266, 272, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The wipes are amazing! I have two boys under the age of 10 and let me tell you they know how to make a mess!. These wipes help me to keep my house looking great and clean and not to mention smell wonderful. I would highly recommend for anyone to try these! We love them in my house! Thanks so much Clorox! MAri This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(298, 304, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are a necessity in my home. I'm a mother of three children with the oldest being 6. Germs love my house so I do everything to make sure that my home is clean and sanitized. With that being said, I trust that Clorox disinfects does the job. I use it everywhere from my kitchen, to bathroom, to bedrooms to cars...", {'entities': [(214, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently tried a new product, Scotchbrite Wipes, and immediatley switched back to Clorox. This other stuff smelled horrible....I love the way Clorox smells and the way it cleans. It doesn't feel like the product will tear in my hands when I am using it. Save yourself the trouble and buy Clorox wipe from the start!", {'entities': [(84, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not clean my bathroom's with anything, but the Clorox Bathroom Cleaner. It gets all the dirt off my bath tubs and my sinks! Once you spray this product you don't need to wait for it to soak in you can start scrubbing immediately and you see the dirt come on in seconds! Great product and I highly recommend it!", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ALWAYS have a can of these on hand in my house. I can use them for everything from wiping the kitchens counters to the toilet seat to spot cleaning on my tile floors. I feel they get my surfaces clean and I feel better about my family's safety due to less germs bacteria. I would HIGHLY recommend Clorox wipes.", {'entities': [(299, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like using Clorox disinfecting wipes. It's so easy just to pop a wipe out of the container. Very quick and handy for those smaller, everyday tasks. My favorite is the fresh smell but I have used the lemon and like that too. I'd recommend this product for daily cleaning anytime, really does a great job.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Clorox disinfecting wipes!!! I've been hooked ever since I was first introduced to them and I won't use anything else. They clean up the toughest messes and grossest areas and they leave everything looking like it's brand new. The fresh scented wipes leave a room smelling clean and fresh and wonderful, and I know that they are safe to use. I would recommend this product to anyone!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently purchased these Clorox Fresh Scent wipes, they are absolutely wonderful! They disinfect my kitchen and bathroom. Having small children in the house, this makes for a quick, thorough clean up! Thank you Clorox for a brand we can trust! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are effective and easy to use. The container facilitates ease of dispensing unlike those which allow more than one sheet, or products sinks to bottom of container, these wipes are always instantly available. the Fresh scent is clean and pleasant, no overpowering disinfectant odor. Priced competitively, often cheaper than those of competitors, I would recommend them.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox wipes primarily for in-between clean ups in the bathrooms and to clean our dog's crate. I also find them very useful for cleaning baseboards and marks/finger prints on doors. My favorite use for them is to clean the spindles on our bannister and stair railings. My kids love to help with this chore and it becomes a game to see which of them can wipe down the most!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very impressed with the Clorox Wipes. I have a two year old who loves to write on everything but paper. The textured side is great for scrubbing off crayon marks. I love the scent! I will have to check to see if there is a spray with the same scent as the wipes, if there isn't any there should be...hint hint. I will definitely be buying more Clorox Wipes. Great product!", {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Clorox wipes since they first came out I cannot imagine being without them. I have them in each bathroom and the kitchen. I also use them when pets have an accident and when I clean Alex's bird cage. I just recently tried the Fresh scent and love it. I had been partial to lemon and orange, but it is time fir a change. I now have all three scents in my house.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these wipes everyday, both at home and at work. I work at a hospital and the are used daily on telephones, doorknobs and the laboratory countertops. Not only is the area clean but it smells wonderful. I use them at home for everything from cleaning surfaces, bathrooms to cleaning up behind grandchildren. Keep up the good work Clorox, I love this product.', {'entities': [(334, 340, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. I keep one in my bathroom, one in the kitchen and one in the laundry room. They are great for a quick cleaning and during the flu season I use them to wipe down all the door knobs, remotes and phones. I alos keep a small baggies of them in my diaper bag to wipe down tables in restaurants or a public toilet for my 4 year old.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have discovered that Clorox Wipes clean nearly everything, including things touted by Mr. Clean Magic Erasers. Who needs pricey magic erasers when you can get an entire canister of wipes that not only remove dirt but disinfect too And now that I have a toddler running around, these wipes are simply indispensable to me! Three cheers for Clorox Wipes :-)', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't think Clorox pushes this product enough! I keep a container in almost every room of the house. Makes it so easy to keep a clean, healthy, sweet smelling home. Along with obvious kitchen and bath surfaces, I run a cloth over woodwork, picture frames, door knobs - virtually every surface in my house! So quick, so easy, Get the word out there!!!!", {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I specifically came to your site to say that I have been cleaning bathtubs and showers for 2 decades. I have tried every product out there for hard water and soap scum. I sprayed the Clorox Bathroom cleaner on the walls and around the tub, then simply wiped them clean. I usually have to scrub with a course brush and something with some grit in it while using LOTS of elbow grease to get the tub clean. Thank you for making a product that does what it says it will do. Not only did it work perfectly, it smells good too. I will be a forever customer of this product.', {'entities': [(183, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At my house we use this primarily around the kitchen. You know those tough to clean, sometimes even baked on, stains that have been sitting on a surface for several days This is one of the few products I've found that even works on those. It does a phenomenal job on all surfaces, including the top of the stove (it even works on tomato sauce that has been baked on to the stove top for a week!. Clorox wipes are so versatile and can be used on most surfaces and in most cleaning situations countertops, toilets, etc.). This is my favorite cleaning product!", {'entities': [(396, 402, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the main tool in my bathroom cleaning arsenal. I use them for everything except cleaning the mirrors. I love that they are always moist and sturdy enough to wipe down the whole bathroom, scrub the tub and the toilet and stay in one piece. The Fresh scent leaves the bathroom smelling wonderful. We are a family of six and if anyone is ever sick I use my Clorox wipes to disinfect the house and successfully stop the spread of germs. I couldn't be a happy homemaker without Clorox.", {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the fresh scent more than any other one because A.) it was the first one I used and B.) I love the way it makes my house smell when I'm done. It cleans so much better than most products and I trust the Clorox name to mean that whatever i'm cleaning with it is actually going to be completely clean when I'm done if I do it the right way. I love the fruit and the scent so I've tried the orange scented ones and they are as wonderful as the Fresh ones. Depending on what mood I'm in I'll use either or.", {'entities': [(208, 214, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is great product. I use this product differently though. I like to take the Clorox wipe and put it on my swifter sweeper To clean the bathroom floor or dog messes. It would be great if You could make the wipes bigger. It doesn't quite fit the swifter.", {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With five kids and two granddaughters these are what I grab for a quick wipe down of cabinets and surfaces. I never worry about them being sanitized and clean after using Clorox wipes and a little elbow grease. Gives me more time to be a mom and grandmother! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have three men living with me from the ages of 4-30. No matter what age, I believe that there is more to clean up with them. :) Clorox bathroom cleaner eliminates all of the problem areas instantly. Without leaving strong aroma's lingering either. My kids have allergies and are sensative. This is important for my family to breath normal and live clean. Clorox does is in many ways for us. And for this I am extremly thankful to use all the Clorox products.", {'entities': [(130, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox is a name that epitomizes clean. When I use your products in my home I know that germs are being reduced and my family is safer from the things that may make them sick. My whole family uses the Clorox line of products but I especially like the ease of use that the wipes offer. The wipes are portable so you can move them from room to room or take them on the road and they always offer the same confidence of clean no matter where we might be.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a house full of children, not to mention a messy husband, and we could not do without our Clorox Wipes. I am a nurse and I know for a fact that we are killing germs and keeping our house cleaner that it would be using a dish rag or paper towels.....we are rarely ill with common colds and other viruses and our house looks and smells great! We use them in every room for daily cleaning and also in our vehicles! Keep up the great work Clorox!', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("One of my daughters is potty training I have no idea how I would keep my bathroom decently clean on a daily basis without Clorox Disinfecting Wipes. They are so handy for the quick cleanups of all the little messes in the kids' bathroom! And since my daughter is at the age where she touches everything in the bathroom constantly, it gives me peace of mind to know Im usually one step ahead of most of the germs in there. Thanks Clorox.", {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox Wipes.. They smell so much better than any of the other brands i have tried!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox Disinfecting wipes are used daily in my kindergarten classroom and actually used twice a day as we complete our morning learning stations and then again at the end of the school day. I am able to clean and disinfect the areas the children use most. Our class has been the winner of the Best Attendance Award twice this year...could it be that we keep some of the nasty germs away by using the wipes I would like to think so!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fresh scent of the Clorox Disinfecting wipes. I keep a container of them at home and work for wiping up messes and wiping off surfaces where germs might be lurking... my desk, counter tops, the phone receiver, door handles, etc... Clorox wipes are great for disinfecting a variety of surfaces as well. I recommend this product to anyone who wants a clean, fresh smelling, and safe (disinfected) home or work environment.', {'entities': [(30, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used both the Clorox and Lysol disinfecting wipes and I prefer these over Lysol. One thing that I really like is the ease with which you can start the pack and the ease with which the wipes come out of the canister. I have wrestled with the Lysol canisters and wasted so many wipes just trying to get one out. I also like the way these smell. Most Clorox products wreak of bleach, but these are very pleasant-smelling.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes. I use this in the kitchen for counters, sink and faucet, and stainless steel appliances in the bathroom for counter, sink, outside toilet bowl and tub and in the laundry room for the washer and dryer. It's also great for door handles and light switches. We have noticed a decrease in illnesses, especially during the winter since we began using them and we've been using them for years.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have three bathrooms...and three children (two are boys...if you have boys, you know why I mention this!). I keep a tub of Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in the cabinet above EACH of my toilets. Makes it super easy to keep the bathrooms clean. Everyday I take a wipe and wipe the counter surfaces and the toilet and the floor around the toilet. Takes minutes to keep the bathrooms looking good and germ free!', {'entities': [(125, 131, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox wipes and use them daily in my kitchen. I also use them in the bathroom, the kids room, dining room and pretty much anywhere else that needs disinfecting. I really like the smell of the fresh wipes. I prefer the clorox over the lysol wipes. I don't like how the lysol wipes feel...they are not as think and are hard to hold onto. Clorox are by far the best disinfecting wipes!! LOVE them!!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Clorox Wipes!! I use them on Everything and I Love the Fresh Scent. I keep them in my car and they go everywhere with me and I send them to work with My Husband who is a Layover Truck Driver and he uses them for Everything from Wiping down the inside of his tractor to Wiping down the Hotel Room that he stays in. We are definately a Clorox Family. Thank You for Great Products We can count on.', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes (Fresh) on a daily basis on all house fixtures (handles). It dries quickly and leaves a fresh smell. I use it for the trash/recycling container tops and handles. I wipe the exterior of the toilets with wipes. I use it on the bottom of shoes, boots, sneakers, car steering wheel, inside/outside car door handles, etc. I carry some in a zip-lock bag wherever I go.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes to help clean up in the bathroom or in the kitchen in between our deep cleans. Whenever I cook with meat, it's awesome to be able to know I can disinfect the counters afterwards and with four boys, it is great to be able to clean up after them in the bathroom. I also like to disinfect light switches and door knobs with them. I think they help our family stay healthier.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for general cleaning and when I want a surface disinfected and completely clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Clorox wipes! The fresh scent makes my home smell clean and I know that it's disinfected too.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clorox Disinfecting Wipes are the only thing I use to clean bathrooms and kitchen counters. I know that they're defnitely cleaning. And I love the clean smell of the Fresh disinfecting wipes.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Recently, while cleaning my Harley I ran out of clorox bleach. For years I have used bleach to clean my whitewalls. When I realized I had no bleach I gave the Clorox Bathroom Cleaner a try. I was amazed with the results. I sprayed it on and within seconds I saw the my whitewalls become bright white and clean. After I witnessed the power of this product I tried it on my white stove top. Once again, the product outperformed any other products I have and my stove is super clean. I'm not done yet, I had a spot in front of my coach on the carpet , notice I said had...Its gone and the carpet looks like new. Last but not least It leaves a clean fresh scent. I am very pleased with this product and showed my neighbors and friends. Thank you Clorox for creating an excellent performing product at a very reasonable price.", {'entities': [(159, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these wipes. I have them in almost every room in my house and in my car. I have two small dogs that travel with me a lot. I use the wipes to clean the car of germs (carpet, upholstery and vinyl) after the trips and before using the proper auto treatments. I go to thrift stores a lot and I just hate the way my hands feel and look when I come out so I use them to clean my hands and arms and sometimes my finds before I put them in the car. You never know what germs you may be taking home! I work temp jobs and I'm always skeptical that I may be there because someone went home sick so I take my wipes with me to thoroughly clean the desk, phone and area I will work in. I notice that my kids, now grown, and close friends and family are carrying them around. I could go on and on about Clorox wipes.", {'entities': [(795, 801, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Take it from someone that will take the time to fold up a number of wipes and put them in a plastic baggie for travel- you need a travel size! After reading articles on how badly contaminated the seat belts and tray tables are on airlines, I would not travel without Clorox Wipes! So come on and make it easier for us, make a travel size!! Thanks!', {'entities': [(267, 273, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox for years. It has never let me down. I recommend Clorox to everyone that likes cleanliness and disinfectant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are conveniently located in the cleaning isle at participating stores. It cut my cleaning time in half. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a toddler and Im expecting. Keeping my home clean is important. I recently discovered the Clorox disinfecting wipes and it make cleaning and keeping clean much easier. I use it for the stove top right after cooking (which reduces the hassle of having to do the overhaul cleaning) It's great for the microwave - just wipe off instead of washing then wiping - it's all in one - an easy clean. Oh... and not to forget the fridge and other appliance surfaces. I don't have to wash and then wipe. It's great for the bath room especially for keeping the toilet seat sanitary... I have introduced it to my sister - I actually bought one for her to try. She loves it.", {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox wipes are a great disinfectant. Just wipe and go. Perfect for families with young kids and a busy schedule.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ue Clorox Wipes on just about everything in my house. My 6-year old granddaughter spends a lot of time with me so they get used in the bathroom to wipe out sinks, on the faucets, countertops, toilets, floors, and in the kitchen, I use the wipes on the sinks, countertops, faucets, and always in trash containers. Wipes are used on door knobs and all other public objects that need wiping from time to time. Ok. I guess it's easier to ask me where I don't use Clorox wipes! Needless to say, I go through a lot of wipes in a week. Thank you for a great product! Wish I would have had these when my children were growing up!", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like using Clorox wipes when I am on vacation camping in cabins. I only need to bring one product (no need to bring a spray and rags) and it cleans both the kitchen and bathroom and there is no washing a rag out after use. Clorox wipes do not leave any streaks on counter tops and tables like some of the other brand wipes. Clorox wipes are very convienent on vacation especially if you are someone who likes to wipe everything down with a disinfectant like me. It gives me a piece of mind knowing everything has been disinfected when so many people come in and out of vacation places.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When my husband was placed on the transplant list at Johns Hopkins, his transplant team emphasized the need to limit his exposure to infectious bacteria. Without a doubt, Clorox wipes are one of our best tools. We use them everywhere and carry them with us when we travel. They are effective for cleaning and disinfecting almost every surface in our home, and unlike others on the market, the dispenser is designed to release one wipe at a time, which makes them easy to use. We LOVE, LOVE, LOVE them and at next month's Transplant Conference, we'll be telling everyone about them.", {'entities': [(171, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Clorox disinfecting wipes. I use them for everything. I keep one almost in every room of my house at work because its a easy product to use to clean up messes. Love them!', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having several containers of Clorox wipe around, especially during flu season. I even keep a container in my car to wipe down restaurant high chairs, grocery carts, etc.', {'entities': [(36, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox wipes for years to clean up messes. I love to take them on the go to disinfect. This are amazing also when you have messy children at home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox smell when I use the wipes in my kitchen or bath. I know it's clean and disinfected. Thank you for years of confidence in a good product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Clorox Disinfecting Wipes in almost every room of my house. I feel great about it's disinfecting power and ability to keep my family germ-free!", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes for absolutely EVERYTHING!! No more sponges for me. These are great for the cleaning the kitchen, bathroom , wiping down toys etc.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Clorox Disinfecting wipes all the time. They make cleaning up so easy. No need to worry about sprays for paper towels, it's all in one. Everyone should use them.", {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product. I have a 2 years old daughter and have been usng them ever since she was born. I love how I can sanitize the counters or other surfaces and not have to worry about spraying chemicals over her head if she is standing next to me to see what I'm doing. I know Clorox will kill all the unwanted germs. I have a small canister I take with me for when we eat out and I always make sure I have Clorox on hand. i also love the smell.", {'entities': [(278, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep a bottle of Clorox Disinfecting wipes in the kitchen, laundry, Babys' room and the bathroom. It makes clean-up and touch up a breeze. I like that it is one step disinfecting, saves me valuable time so I can spend it on more fun things!! My child is special needs so effectiveness is important- we used these religiously her whole first year to disinfect doorknobs, phones, light switches, handles and she never got sick for us.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all of the Clorox wipes line. I use them everywhere, from the bathroom to kitchen, and they are even mild enough for use on the highchair! I love that I can just throw them away after use unlike a bacteria harboring dish cloth. Thanks Clorox.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox wipes in my kitchen on a daily basis. The wipes hold up well when scrubbing dirty kitchen counter tops and leave a nice smell. I also use them to polish my kitchen faucet and handles. They work great and do not leave streaks behind.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just wanna say Thank You Clorox for making a great product. I have to have these wipes in my home at all times. These work great to clean the kitchen, bathroom toys that get sticky stuff on them. I do recommend people try this product!!!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Clorox wipes get the job done and smell great!:)', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the smell of this one and Clorox is streak free!!', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love having Clorox wipes handy for quick clean ups!', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how I do not have to worry about things getting clean and disinfected when I use Clorox products.', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never have to worry if my bathrrom is clean when I use Clorox! Works amazing every time!', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like this product for cleaning the bathroom. It leaves a nice scent and the surfaces actually sparkle. Since it is from Clorox, I trust that my bathroom is really clean.', {'entities': [(122, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you hadnt noticed. Both of us have colds, so when ordering, I checked and we had NO bathroom cleaner left. So, I bought Clorox, I do online ordering, hubby in store, when he can. I always prefer Clorox. I trust it.', {'entities': [(123, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used bleach cleaners in my bathroom . Clorox bathroom cleaner with no bleach is an amazing cleaner', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchaed 12443842 for 3.28 and 25483701 for 6.37 - the formulas are exactly the same but the prices are drastically different! http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-Fl-Oz/12443842 http://www.walmart.com/ip/Clorox-Company-COX16930-Clorox-Disinfecting-Bathroom-Cleaner-30-oz/25483701 each bottle reads: Ative Ingredients: n-Alkyl (60 C14, 30 C16, 5 C12, 5 C18) 0.1375 dimethylbenzyl ammonium chloride n-Alkyl (68 C12, 32 C14) 0.1375 dimethyl ethlbenzyl ammonium choride 99.7250 other ingredients 100.0000 total', {'entities': [(155, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Clorox cleaning products! This spray is cool, because it sprays out kind of foamy, so it seems to cling better while it does it's job.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Clorox products are used widely in many homes. Very good.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean my bathrooms with Clorox and it smells so clean. I love this product, however, I did notice that my bathroom curtains were very discolored and I have not washed them yet. I'm guessing is the bleach that flyes away when I spray the Clorox on the toilet and sink!! Not sure!", {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Clorox for years. It has never let me down. I recommend Clorox to everyone that likes cleanliness and disinfectant.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am know to love to save money - whenever I can! That sometimes leads me to changing to other brands that are cheaper. It never fails, though that no matter how much I've saved I'm always disappointed in the quality of the what I've gotten! That never happens with Clorox Bathroom Cleaner! It's consistently reliable and easy to use! It's worth every dime!", {'entities': [(266, 272, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Recently, while cleaning my Harley I ran out of clorox bleach. For years I have used bleach to clean my whitewalls. When I realized I had no bleach I gave the Clorox Bathroom Cleaner a try. I was amazed with the results. I sprayed it on and within seconds I saw the my whitewalls become bright white and clean. After I witnessed the power of this product I tried it on my white stove top. Once again, the product outperformed any other products I have and my stove is super clean. I'm not done yet, I had a spot in front of my coach on the carpet , notice I said had...Its gone and the carpet looks like new. Last but not least It leaves a clean fresh scent. I am very pleased with this product and showed my neighbors and friends. Thank you Clorox for creating an excellent performing product at a very reasonable price.", {'entities': [(159, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I specifically came to your site to say that I have been cleaning bathtubs and showers for 2 decades. I have tried every product out there for hard water and soap scum. I sprayed the Clorox Bathroom cleaner on the walls and around the tub, then simply wiped them clean. I usually have to scrub with a course brush and something with some grit in it while using LOTS of elbow grease to get the tub clean. Thank you for making a product that does what it says it will do. Not only did it work perfectly, it smells good too. I will be a forever customer of this product.', {'entities': [(183, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not clean my bathroom's with anything, but the Clorox Bathroom Cleaner. It gets all the dirt off my bath tubs and my sinks! Once you spray this product you don't need to wait for it to soak in you can start scrubbing immediately and you see the dirt come on in seconds! Great product and I highly recommend it!", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love how well my bathroom feels after it's been cleaned with Clorox Bathroom Cleaner!", {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this all the time. I have 2 girls that love to leave a mess.I don't worry when I have Clorox in my house", {'entities': [(92, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner! It's so easy to use and leaves my bathroom smelling clean and fresh. I use it on all the surfaces in my bathroom and it doesn't leave a residue or have an overpowering chemcal smell. It's a Super Cleaner!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This cleaner smells better than some cleaners that are out there (not as strong, doesn't make my eyes burn). I love Clorox cleaners because I know they are killing GERMS as I go :)", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this clorox spray cleaner is so convenient, I actually use in the kitchen, bathrooms and anywhere else that needs disinfecting. I have dogs, cats, and children and use it daily. Work great. I know things are clean when I've used Clorox.", {'entities': [(229, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't believe how effortless it is to clean up the bathroom with Clorox's Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner. Before I know it, everything it back to sparkling clean condition and I don't feel like I had to spend hours scrubbing!", {'entities': [(67, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live with 3 boys...and all are boys in every sense of the word. The messiest place By far the bathroom! I use Clorox Bathroom Cleaner multiple times a week to clean up after those boys and keep our bathroom smelling fresh and clean. It's a must have in this household!", {'entities': [(112, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom cleaner and I love it. It clearns the bathroom very well and leaves it smelling clean. I would highly recommend this product.', {'entities': [(6, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how I do not have to worry about things getting clean and disinfected when I use Clorox products.', {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I highly recommend Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom cleaner. It leaves your bathroom sparkling and smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i absolutely love this product, it is great for cleaning up tough jobs that most cleaners wont clean, it has even killed mildew! Wouldnt know what to do without it! thank you Clorox', {'entities': [(175, 181, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a family of 4 and the bathroom is definately the place in the house that I am concerned with keeping clean. I have tried mroe products than I can remember and Clorox Bathroom Cleaner is the best I have found...hands down. It cleans, smells good, disinfects...it's awesome!", {'entities': [(166, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not only does my bathroom look great after I use Clorox Disinfecting Bathroom Cleaner but I know it is clean. It does a wonderful job. Germs are demolished!', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never have to worry if my bathrrom is clean when I use Clorox! Works amazing every time!', {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not clean my bathroom's with anything, but the Clorox Bathroom Cleaner. It gets all the dirt off my bath tubs and my sinks! Once you spray this product you don't need to wait for it to soak in you can start scrubbing immediately and you see the dirt come on in seconds! Great product and I highly recommend it!", {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these tabs primarily to help with cookbook creation and meal planning. Not everyone lives by the standard American workweek of M-F (including my stomach!). I wish that Avery would also make this set with 7 or 8 tabs, with Saturday and Sunday on separate tabs. With 8 tabs, a blank at the end would be helpful, so I can store misc. information behind my full week. Thanks for the consideration.', {'entities': [(174, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use these tabs primarily to help with cookbook creation and meal planning. Not everyone lives by the standard American workweek of M-F (including my stomach!). I wish that Avery would also make this set with 7 or 8 tabs, with Saturday and Sunday on separate tabs. With 8 tabs, a blank at the end would be helpful, so I can store misc. information behind my full week. Thanks for the consideration.', {'entities': [(174, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are undertaking a major manual writing program here and these dividers made putting the manuals together simple and quick. A reminder for those using it: the columns are laid out down then up to the top again but when you tab it will take you side to side like any table. So beware! And Avery, it would be great if the kit included an extra table of columns sheet. I kinda messed up my first one. Luckily, file folder labels fit in the template perfectly.', {'entities': [(290, 295, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As aco-owner of a small business, we have used Avery for about the last 7 years. If you're looking for a professional look and an inexpensive way to produce a large number of business cards this is the way to go.", {'entities': [(47, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Good product - good quality. The convenience of having tabs that can be easily personalized for whatever project you are working on is great. Avery has come through yet again with a product that works', {'entities': [(142, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these all the time and highly recommend them. I do wish Avery would offer additional index pages. I have found errors (mine) after printing and have to open another set of dividers to get a new index page. Also, sometimes I would like to reuse the dividers but don't have a new index page to prepare. I have tried making copies of the blank index page, but they just don't look as professional.", {'entities': [(62, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ordered these for the first time when I was tasked with making a binder for each employee in our department that corresponded with our Friday meetings. Every Friday we covered a different area of concern and included an agenda with back-up material. I took a chance and ordered these dividers instead of the old fashioned tab dividers. OMG! They are so easy to use. You set up the template in your computer once (which I saved) load the table of contents page, and you have a very professional looking presentation in minutes. Later when we added more people to the group, and they needed binders, I used the saved template and just printed! The first binder housed almost two years of meeting handouts and use, and not once did anyone have the punched holes rip or the tabs wear out. Very durable. Now, I am making new binders every year and all I do is change the year, order more dividers and it's done. SOOOOO much easier and nicer looking than the old school dividers. Thanks Avery!", {'entities': [(983, 988, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think I started using Ready Indexes back in 1995, and have been using them ever since. (I have one permanent binder dating back to 2001, using a 15-tab Ready Index that appears to be virtually identical to the current product - why change a good thing!) Ready Indexes... 1. LOOK great. 2. Are EASY to use / customize 3. Are RUGGED - they'll last for YEARS thanks to the high-quality paper used, and the mylar-reinforced holes. 4. Come in a VARIETY of tab numbers, and also in MONTHS and Days (tabs numbered 1-to-31) which can turn any three ring binder into a highly effective and inexpensive personal planner! I've learned (in some cases the hard way!) to simply purchase the Avery brand whenever I need the type of products they offer - whether indexes, labels, etc. There is NEVER a question about quality or value. The first time you buy store brand laser printer labels that COME APART inside the printer, you'll know exactly what I'm talking about.", {'entities': [(679, 684, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The demand for accountability by school districts is increasing. Instructors are required to maintain samples of lesson plans and student work/evidence in binders for accreditation purposes. Avery binders are durable and attractive, impressing the accreditation team. Pre-printed tabbed dividers are numbered, permitting organization of documentation by week during the evaluation period. I purchased the tabs independently the supervisor was very pleased and is requesting purchase for the use by all instructors during the next accreditation period. Thank you for making me look good!', {'entities': [(191, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For over twenty years I have use Avery and Dennison products and from my experience, you get what you pay for, but, with Avery you get a world of excellence...they have it all and it's perfect and professional.. Your experience makes you good...Avery will make you great!!!", {'entities': [(33, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("They are wonderful! Had to put together a training manual and these came in handy. Love it that I can make a table of contents and then do the tabs the exact same way. Thanks for all of your wonderful products. I couldn't do my job without Avery.", {'entities': [(240, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the samples of the index labels I received from Avery so much that I bought some more. They are so easy to use and really help me to organize my files.', {'entities': [(56, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the ready Index Double Column Table of contents Dividers were easy to use. the Avery website has all the templates you need to organize any project big or little you might have with a professial look. Very impressive! The Double Column Table of contents Dividers make it easy to quickly find information you need,. .', {'entities': [(79, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Avery has been able to build a better mouse trap. In the world of labels, Avery has upped the ante! Thanks! It's great to be able to acess the information we want and do it swifly! There is more space to put more information (which is GREAT!), and lots of room to keep track of LOTS of things! And, today, that's exactly what we need! Thank's Avery, you've done it again!", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I often use binders rather than files when I need to gather a large amount of information The Ready Index Table of Contents and Dividers make the binders look professional. The templates are extremely easy to use. I frequently get compliments on the way my binders look and others want to use the Avery products so they can improve the looks of their binders.', {'entities': [(297, 302, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I take a lot of online classes where you have to download the course materials if you want a hard copy. The Avery dividers come in multiple tab s which it makes it so much easier to customize my course material binders. The dividers are also very durable. I also love the colors the dividers come in. A win-win purchase all the way around.', {'entities': [(108, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Avery Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers! They are so very easy to use. They make our client presentations look even more professional. I've even used them to get myself organized. As a busy administrative professional, I come across a lot of useful tips and information. I keep it logged in a binder, using these dividers. I have also color-coordinated the text to match the divider tab for an extra touch.", {'entities': [(11, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these all the time and highly recommend them. I do wish Avery would offer additional index pages. I have found errors (mine) after printing and have to open another set of dividers to get a new index page. Also, sometimes I would like to reuse the dividers but don't have a new index page to prepare. I have tried making copies of the blank index page, but they just don't look as professional.", {'entities': [(62, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Avery's Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers make life easier for this busy corporate administrator....from Presentations to Handbooks, from Mergers to Acquisitions, this well-designed product meets all my information organization needs when publishing materials for large groups, single users or potential investors. Our film development process is dependent upon easily-accessible hardcopy reference materials, even in this digital age. I'm glad to have this Avery product as part of a powerful office toolkit !", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Avery Tabe of Contents Dividers are the only dividers we use in our workplace. We use these for the emergency manuals because with the colored tabs and room to write, it is easy to find what we need fast. Time is of the essence and these tabs divide our various emergency scenarios in a way that makes it clear. Plus, there is enough in the set that we only have to buy one pack, not two or more like some other divider packs. Thank you Avery for taking good care of all of our business and home needs!', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Ready Index Dividers are my favorite. I have used them for YEARS!! If a subject changes within the binder, I simply retype the Cover Index Sheet - in the same colors as the tabs - utilizing the Avery template. They are strong and last a long time. When I was out in the working world, I was an Office Manager and liked things organized. I used to purchase them for use in our office - then when I retired, I continued using them for my personal and small business use at home. THANKS AVERY!!', {'entities': [(198, 203, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a project manager and have to go through periodic corporate reviews. I have a lot of documentation that I need for reference during these reviews, some which is not electronic. I used the Double Column Table of Contents Dividers to create a great reference binder that keeps me on track. I can open the binder and immediately flip to any needed document. It is a portable way to keep me organized and ready to face my reviewers. Avery's Double Column Table of Contents Dividers really rock!", {'entities': [(434, 439, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE the Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers! When I think of having to print, tear insert tabs into each of thirty plus 8 -10 tab binders, I just cringe. Now all I have to do is label the Table of Contents and I'm done! What a timesaver! Life, made easier...must have been a woman's idea! Thank you Avery!", {'entities': [(305, 310, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Dear Avery, your Ready Index tabs are a staple in my day to day role supporting my department. These Index pages are well made durable if used appropriately-the color indexing is eye catching and helps make our deliverable stand out. Thanks for making products that are efficient and effective. Best, TellPJ1', {'entities': [(5, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought this product for my son's senior year portfolio. When he brought it to school he received rare reviews from his teachers and classmates saying the tabs he used stood out because they were quite different from what the other students used. He received an A for his binder presentation. Thanks Avery!!!", {'entities': [(299, 304, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the tabbed collections in a variety of areas i.e. quarterly reports 1-4 tabs. Monthly tabs 1-12 for banking or billing. 1-31 for dated items or during uses for corporate page tabs. Payroll Tax item notebook is great when divided with 1-8 tabs. I wouldn't run my office without them. Thanks Avery!", {'entities': [(296, 301, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We used this product to create a professional and polished looking binder full of information for the Senior Minister of our church. The process was flawless. Not once did we waste material. Thanks Avery for providing a quality product and having templates at the ready! You saved our day.', {'entities': [(198, 203, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Avery dividers come in various capacities which means that one can actually customize every presentation or manual without having a lot of leftover (empty) sections or not having enough of them. Combined with the Avery D-Link binders one has a 1-2 punch that is super professional.', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use binders to organize my class notes and materials. The double column 16 tab dividers finally give me enough sections to organize all 15 weeks of the semester and the syllabus. I have used Avery labels, binders, and dividers for years and have always been pleased with the results.', {'entities': [(193, 198, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My office is organized with many, many binders. Those that I know are ever-changing, with new additions almost daily, are where I insist on using dividers w/ the table of contents. Also means those using the binders can find what they need when I'm not available. Thanks, Avery!!!", {'entities': [(272, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Avery products in my work...I can count on the quality, usefulness and durability of the dividers. My business is insurance and you can imagine the binders and the number of times we are referencing our binders. The tabs do not tear or bend and last throughout the year.', {'entities': [(11, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With the Avery templates.com and quality color dividers for printing, my notebook was done in less than 15 minutes! The ease of using this product was a no brainer and the finished product is very impressive. I will definitely use Avery dividers for top quality presentations!', {'entities': [(9, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For over twenty years I have use Avery and Dennison products and from my experience, you get what you pay for, but, with Avery you get a world of excellence...they have it all and it's perfect and professional.. Your experience makes you good...Avery will make you great!!!", {'entities': [(33, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Avery Ready Index is so easy to use. It makes your project have a professional appearance. The color coded index and tabs make your project stand out and makes finding information a snap. The Avery Ready Index made my job easier and my project look great!', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am taking a number of online courses where I have to download the course material if I want to have a hard copy. I love the versatility of of tabs that are available from Avery. These tabs are extremely durable and make course material easy to organize.', {'entities': [(173, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("They are wonderful! Had to put together a training manual and these came in handy. Love it that I can make a table of contents and then do the tabs the exact same way. Thanks for all of your wonderful products. I couldn't do my job without Avery.", {'entities': [(240, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Avery has made organizing at work and at home a snap! I use these to create training manuals at work and to organize recipes, the kids' artwork, and important papers at home. Following the simple template instructions, I can create one or multiple indexes and they are always neat and legible! No more tags falling out of the plastic label holders, these are heavy duty dividers and the table of contents makes it easy to find whatever you are looking for.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best overall system that Avery has. It combines color coding with number and a printable index/content page for easy identification. How easy can it get It allows everyone to identify with the system no matter how the person is personally able to connect with the system as some identify with color, some with numbers, and some with tabs themselves. I personally connect with all three, and this is easy to use!', {'entities': [(37, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I gave her a binder organized with the Avery Ready Index Table of Contents Dividers. Her eyes glazed over and she smiled that smile of hers. I had organized her business materials effectively and efficiently. She knew where to find the key topics--the research and additional notes at a glance. Thank you Avery for an amazing product!! BG', {'entities': [(39, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Preparing for large presentations has always been time consuming and frustrating. Being able to prepare a table of contents that is professional is such a time saver by not having to prepare individual dividers for each section of each presentation binder. Plus the colors give instant recognition to the reader. Thank you Avery!', {'entities': [(323, 328, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you are like me, you dread making up large binders for a meeting. There are several products (including some excellent ones by Avery) that work well for a small number of items -- but who has only a few handouts these days This is really a classy, easy-to-use product! I was delighted when Avery called my attention to it.', {'entities': [(130, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the ready Index Double Column Table of contents Dividers were easy to use. the Avery website has all the templates you need to organize any project big or little you might have with a professial look. Very impressive! The Double Column Table of contents Dividers make it easy to quickly find information you need,. .', {'entities': [(79, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love Avery's Ready Index dividers. They help keep all of my files organized. It makes it so much easier to find the correct invoices or statements. Also, the dividers can be relabeled and used for other projects.", {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Definitely one of my favorite Avery products! Makes the process of adding, changing or deleting tabbed data very easy. I love to 'binderize' data, and this is a great way to get clean, easy-to-read reference tabs quickly.", {'entities': [(30, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Owner of company wanted to upgrade this presentation books, told him about the Avery dividers and how the index is easily printed in the front. HE LOVE IT - the professional look added to his presentation and earned me some brownie points!', {'entities': [(79, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the 8-tab set to separate my monthly reports that I gather from our departments so that I can easily find them, then review before I pass on to my supervisor. Avery Ready Tabs are the best!', {'entities': [(165, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This item is great for large binder projects that need detailed organization. Avery also provides free templates that make organizing a project easy! I would recommend this product to everyone!', {'entities': [(78, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how much fun organizing has become with the help of Avery. These Ready Index Dividers are so convenient and easy to use. Thank you Avery for another great product.', {'entities': [(59, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how organized and professional my binder looks when using these dividers. The Avery advantage is the speed to assemble these dividers....just click and create!', {'entities': [(85, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the samples of the index labels I received from Avery so much that I bought some more. They are so easy to use and really help me to organize my files.', {'entities': [(56, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my first Avery product and I am very happy with my purchase. I made the cutest dividers for nursing school! I love how customizable these are.', {'entities': [(17, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Once again Avery product didn't let me down. Easy to use, price is okay and best of all got the job done and quickly.", {'entities': [(11, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use my free Avery products as trials in my papercrafting while trying new techniques.', {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Avery 11438 Extra Wide Clear Label Index Maker Presentation Dividers are terrific when you have documents that you wish to keep and protect in sheet protectors. Avery 11438 are perfect to organize the binder and aid in finding the documents or information that you need quickly. Avery 11438 was a terrific idea when they came out and still is today. I, for one, highly recommend these dividers to use with sheet protectors. I also use them at home with my quilting information that I want to protect, yet find quickly and easily. Thanks, Avery for a great idea and as great product!', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Keebler Chips Deluxe Soft 'N Chewy Cookies are soft and chewy, but they lack flavor. We bought 2 packages of these and thought that maybe it was just that package that was bad, but both packages were flavorless. Just wasn't what we were expecting from Keebler.", {'entities': [(8, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was having a toothache one night and thought that I would try Orajel instant Pain Relief. I was amazed how quickly it went to work to numbing the pain and giving me that relief that I needed. I was also glad to see that it works on gum pain, cheek bites and even canker sores. You can use a cotton swab to apply but I found that using my finger works best for me when applying. I received this complimentary for testing purposes and is fully my own opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Orajel Maximum Strength Toothache Pain Relief Liquid free to try. It works great! I have had a terrible toothache and I applied the liquid to the tooth and surrounding gum. It worked really fast and brought me relief quickly. I can't recommend this product enough! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The product is wonderful. My husband has 10 teeth that need to be pulled, and I have a phoenix abcess. We were using a tube of plain Orajel a week between the two of us. Since using this new product we have not had to use it but every 2 to 3 days. It kills the pain and lasts a long time. I am thrilled to find a lasting solution while we a getting treated for our dental problems. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(133, 139, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am so thankful I had this product because recently I had a severe infection and nerve exposed in the same tooth. The Orajel Maximum Strength liquid numbed the pain and made it tolerable to get through until I could be seen at urgent care. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Orajel is the answer for tooth pain, once I applied the Orajel, the pain went away and I was so happy. Orajel is fast, not messy, it is perfect!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have never had a toothache before but was starting to get my first one when I requested this tube of Orajel as a free sample. Due to my procrastination, the toothache continued to get worse and worse until I could not wait until the product arrived in the mail. I went out and bought a tube of the same Orajel I had requested. The maximum pain came right at the end of the year (when all dentist offices in my area were closed for like five days). I absolutely could not have functioned without this stuff. Toothaches are no joke...mine was almost debilitating. A filling had come out and I didn't get it taken care of right away and the nerve was exposed. I was pumping the Orajel into the hole in my tooth for almost a week straight. It worked so well that when I ran out, I went and bought several more tubes to get me through until my dentist appointment. I don't plan on procrastinating again so hopefully I'll not have to use this again, but if I do...I have the free sample that arrived after the tooth was taken care of! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(103, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to admit that I am a bit of a baby when it comes to toothaches. There is just something about them that drives me crazy. I have had everything from minor-severe aches before and as the pain got stronger, the pain relief never lasted or worked well in the first place. I am impressed with this maximum strength pain relief gel from Orajel though. The taste is not great but it worked on contact and while it may not have lasted as long as I would have liked, it lasted longer and stayed strong longer then anything else I have ever tried. As a bonus, a little goes a long way! That makes it perfect for the worst tooth aches in your family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(338, 344, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Unfortunately it has become very hard to fond. But if you can find it, I highly recommend buying a couple of bottles. I have tried every brand, every type of toothache reliever and nothing can compare to liquid Orajel.', {'entities': [(211, 217, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My Daughter Had a toothache so I give her the Orajel Maximum Strength to use. She put a dab of it onto a cotton swab, placed the swab directly on the tooth that was hurting her and almost immediatly she said the pain was gone. A couple of days later my daughter came to vist me again and she asked to use my Orajel again and once again her teeth were giving her problems, I suggested she go see a dentist, she promised me she would but that the Maximum Strength Orajel was the only toothache medicine that worked on her and that it was the only thing that took the pain away. So thank you Orajel. Your the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was glad that I was able to try this product. I recently had a toothache that pain meds wasn't working fast enough for and I used Orajel Maximum Strength Toothache Pain Relief Liquid and it worked instantly This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(132, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This (the liquid form) Orajel is by far the best toothache pain medicine I have found. For me the liquid form works better than the gel or other forms of it.', {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As of lately you guys have decided to switch to a new kind of formula for your gel. well let me just tell you it is absolutely horrible! it gives very little too absolutely no relief and the few and I mean very few times it does the relief only lasts and meer minute or two. I would advise you switch back to the old formula because that actually did some good. In fact I really wish I had some here now. This after being a long time user of your product has now made me highly suspect of any other Orajel products.', {'entities': [(499, 505, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just recently started paying more attention to my teeth over the years I have not gone to the dentist as much as I should have, so I've developed cavities in three teeth and a throbbing, insatiable pain from two (one eventually was extracted). Before it was extracted, I purchased this product - one of the best decisions I've made, as it held in place and eliminated 100 of the pain. The second cavity began giving me problems about two weeks ago and I've tried all kinds of oral aides (including brand name Orajel and generic). I've purchased generic Equate (which helped with the pain but was gritty and didn't hold in place long), liquid Orajel Maximum Toothache liquid (which only seemed to make the pain worse, as the cavity has exposed some pulp area), and 2x strength Orajel Maximum Strength gel (did very little to ease the sharp pain and eventually would not stay in place after application. I even purchased the Orajel Double Medicated Toothache Analgesic and Astringent rinse (which had minimal effect). I happened to be in one of the local Walmarts and found the last Severe PM tube in the store. I've had this toothache for the last 11 hours on-and-off. Within 5 minute of application, the pain was gone. Literally vanished. I can't say enough about this product. It has definitely been literally a life saver, as I was pretty close to just pulling the tooth myself.", {'entities': [(511, 517, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this with a horrible pain in my mouth hoping for relief. I have been buying store brand and saw this product and went for it. The minute i put it on i felt instant relief for hours. I was finally able to sleep. Just purely amazing. Im forever a Orajel Customer now.', {'entities': [(254, 260, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a broken tooth that I am not able to get pulled right awsy. I was having severe pain, but this Orajel Severe PM worked very quickly and just saved me a trip to the Emergency Room. I am a single mom with no dental coverage. This product just saved me!', {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Chester's puffcorn is a great snack for adults and kids. It has a great taste and my daughter and I love it. Plus it's very affordable.", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Imagine the best, fluffiest parts of your favorite popcorn combined with the cheese from Cheetos, and you have Chester's Puffcorn Cheese Puffed Corn Snacks. These are lighter than even Cheetos Cheese Puffs and are completely addicting. My only complaint is that they need to come in a larger sized bag because for some reason, they disappear too quickly -)", {'entities': [(111, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't like cheese, but I love Chester's Cheesy Puffcorn!", {'entities': [(32, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Chester's Cheese Puffcorn is my go-to late night snack every night. I usually eat 2 - 2 1/2 bags a week. It is delicious and low in price. I tell all my friends about it.", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Chester's Puffcorn is a purchase every visit to the store.", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love Chester's Cheese puffs so much we buy 2 bags a week", {'entities': [(8, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Absolutely, nothing like old smell of REAL Lysol. Believe me I know... I'm 80 yrs. old and my mother used it constantly - people come into our house and ask what is is smell and when I went to their houses there it was again the Real True Smell of the OLD Lysol not this fake stuff they sell now a days. Not buying this fake stuff again.", {'entities': [(43, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Sorry, this product was just not for me. I bought it out of desparation when Lysol stopped adding disinfectant to the all purpose cleaner (which they have since started adding again). Yes, this product did disinfect, but the smell was way, way too pungent for me. I used it to wash down the bathroom floors, the outside of the commode. Days later, the smell still lingered (which would have been nice if it smelled nice). My scrub bucket, sponge, gloves were kept in my cleaning closet and I had to end up throwing the gloves and sponge out. Within minutes it just reaked up the whole closet. Trust me, stick with the all purpose cleaner now known as clean and fresh. It does disinfect and smells nice, which to me is important. No brainer. I'd much rather the house smell of lemons or waterfalls rather than a nursing home.", {'entities': [(77, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The original scent should come with a warning. After weeks of flu in our house, and my son got his second bout of flu this season (yes, you can get both type A and type B in one season), I was determined to clean every surface in this house. I had several tubs of wonderful Lysol wipes, and was enjoying the nice clean scent, knowing things were getting clean in the process. But I couldn't wash the floor with those wipes. As soon as I poured the concentrate in to the water, I thought it smelled funny. As someone else posted, I thought for a moment I had a bad batch. No way original scent could smell like a combination of tar and adhesive. I tried to go with it, and think back to the scents that remind me of my long-deceased grandparents.... pine-sol, brill-cream... maybe I could accept the scent as being nostalgic. Nope. The floors are certainly clean, but the house stinks. The windows are open, and I even sprayed Lysol spray to try to mask the smell! On a positive note, my sinuses are also clear for the first time in 10 days.", {'entities': [(274, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Lysol my whole life and have felt great about it's disinfecting capabilities. When I bought this yesterday I thought I was buying a super-concentrated lemon smelling product. I thought, original scent was like the lemony all-purpose cleaner. It is SO strong, even when diluted. I thought there was something wrong with the batch I bought and contemplated taking it back to the store and begging for a refund (tight budget). Then I read the excellent reviews, and that it left the reviewer's homes smelling hospital clean. As soon as I started associating the smell that remained in my kitchen with a hospital, it did bring back hospital memories and wasn't as offensive as befor. So I tried it again in another bathroom, but I just don't appreciate the institutional smell. This was replacing the bottle of lavender all-purpose cleaner that I bought last year I think. Now I read that briefly Lysol was manufacturing cleaner without disinfectant. You mean the product that I used religiously to disinfect bathrooms wasn't disinfecting them at all I wish I had saved that bottle and could check to see if it had disinfectant. I wish I had stuck with the all-purpose cleaner. I am still brand loyal to Lysol, I just don't like this STRONG smell.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean houses for a living and as we'll my own home. I've used Lysol for ever, I loved the lavender Lysol cleaner but you have now changed the smell. It now smells like fabulos which in my opinion brings a bad name on a once great product. Why did they change the smell", {'entities': [(64, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product's active ingredient is a derivative of phenol. Even though it may not be the most pleasant smell,, the world used to associate this odor with clean, antiseptic. Other products sold under the Lysol name today have active ingredients like lactic acid. (Sour milk) Who knows how well they may work When I need something really disinfected, I'll go with what used to work, rather than what may be trendy today.", {'entities': [(204, 209, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol is a great product. My late aunt always used it, then I begin using it and continues to this day. It disinfects and cleans well. I would recommend Lysol to all my family and friends. The only suggestion I will make is for the company to get larger bottles and send me some coupons. Raising my six grandchildren I need it daily', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used this cleaner for years because I love the smell. It's hard to describe the smell because it is so strong, but to me, it smells a little like leather, but overall, it just smells sanitary. I have never used this for laundry purposes, but thought I'd try it based on good reviews. What a difference it made! I have 2 boys with sensitive skin and only buy dye free/perfume free laundry products. But, I always had to wash their clothes twice to get the smell out. Last night, I put a cap full in with their regular detergent and their clothes came out perfect! They smell so fresh and clean and didn't irritate their sensitive skin! I will now use this with every load. Can't say enough good things...Thanks, Lysol!", {'entities': [(718, 723, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best concentrated disinfectant out there. It eliminates orders like nothing I've ever used. Great on musty towels and wet sneakers. If you have a baby it works great on soiled and spit-uppy clothes. For those of you caring for an elderly loved one, Lysol freshens and disinfects soiled clothes and bedding. This Lysol is also great for disinfecting and freshening your bathroom, especially if you have young boys. Brown bottle Lysol has been a staple for me through four babies, watching them grow up, getting rid of all of their sporty funky smells, as well as keeping a loved one at home through the end of her battle with Alzheimer's Disease. Mostly I use it in the laundry and when I do I am confident my clothes are clean. When using it in other places such as the bathroom I am also sure it has been well disinfected.", {'entities': [(261, 266, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved and had confidence in Lysol Concentrate Original Scent ever since I can remember. My Mom used it and it was always used in the infirmary when I was in college. I have confidence that it does kill germs and bacteria. I especially like to use it in cold and flu season, even in the laundry when I wash sheets and towels, and clothes that have been worn to the doctor or hospital. I feel like I have a much cleaner bathroom when I clean, or when I use it on the floor, counter, door knobs, toilet seats or faucet handles. I have been around more than six decades and Lysol Concentrate Original has gotten hard to find. I hope it doesn't go away, like a lot of products we come to love and trust. I love that it makes everything smell clean, not perfumy by really clean.", {'entities': [(35, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Pure Lysol product let's you add water to the strength you want. I do use as stated. This cuts dirt and grease better than any other product I have ever used. The scent is strong and will go away after a few days. I use this on almost anything that can be hand washed or wiped clean also make sure you rinse well with water after cleaning. I used this at church in the play room/nursery. Being a disinfectant is what the room needed. Wear gloves because this is strong and it will burn your skin.", {'entities': [(5, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After trying quite a few other products for odor in a garage I found Lysol original, and it did a fantastic job. We applied Lysol over a week ago and it is still working. The strong dog or cat odor that was there is completely gone. We will not be trying anything else as this has really fixed the problem. Thanks Lysol!', {'entities': [(69, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Call me crazy but I love the smell of this Lysol disinfectant. To me it's the smell of clean. Kind of like hospital sheets and that is why I like to use it when washing my linen and towels. No sweet perfume here. Just the smell of clean. I wonder if they could make a cologne to smell like this. :-)", {'entities': [(43, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was recommended this product by someone in the restoration business after my basement flooded. He told me to follow the directions and put 1 1/4 ounce of Lysol with a gallon of water and put it down my sewer drain in the basement once a day for 3 days. Then for the rest of the week, just add a gallon of water to the drain every day. It took away all remaining smell from my basement which was coming from the drains, not the basement itself. Very effective for killing all the bacteria in the pipes/drains. Medicinal scent is not pleasant but who cares. It works!', {'entities': [(156, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Lysol Original Disinfectants, 12 oz bottles, were packed securely - in a large sealable plastic bag before being placed in box and arrived in perfect condition and quicker than expected. Thank you for the ease in ordering, secure packing and free shipping.', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol has been around since 1918, that I know of. See the history on wiki, https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Lysol We love the scent, price, and the quality.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Heavily used sink areas on this country property need a tough disinfectant. Lysol gets the job done leaving my cooking area free from germs and kitchens smelling good!', {'entities': [(76, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother used this product when I was growing up - I am 64 years old, and it is still around...so, in my opinion, this is the best Lysol Brand has to offer!', {'entities': [(132, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol Original Scent Disinfectant In my opinion Lysol Original Scent Disinfectant is the best cleaner. First off, the value is excellent for what you are getting. It kills germs and more than the other cleaners do! I love the scent. However, some people I spoke with does not like the scent because it reminds them of a hospital. To me, the scent symbolizes super clean -- that germs have been killed! A small amount goes a long way. You do not need to use much to make your home clean! I use Lysol on floors, the entire bathroom, and kitchen areas.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had not been able to find this product in local grocery store-I was so glad to find the Lysol as I use it very often in cleaning and laundry', {'entities': [(90, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this for years. Use it for laundry and mixed in water to wipe down sinks, door knobs, etc. To me, it smells clean. Plus, I trust the Lysol brand.', {'entities': [(145, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Lysol concentrate cleaner! It smells very good and I feel it is efficiently disinfecting. I generally use it for mopping floors and it leaves the house smelling divine! So clean and fresh!', {'entities': [(11, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Lysol concentrate since I was a child. It's what my grandmother and mother both used. It's absolutely wonderful for cleaning everything around the house as well as other things. I got tanning bed fungus one time (white spots all over the body that won't tan--it's the same thing as athlete's foot fungus) and I washed all of my clothes with the Lysol to kill the fungus (and an athlete's foot spray on my body to kill it) and from then on I took a mixed bottle (water/lysol) with me and cleaned the tanning bed with it before and after use. I've never gotten it again. I've also used it to clean a couch and chair that were in storage and got mildew and mold on it and it made the furniture like brand new again. In my home Lysol concentrate is the ONLY product we use to clean. It simply can't be beat.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol is a very good cleaner. The Walmart price is very competitive.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This concentrated Lysol product cleans great and, most importantly, it also kills bacteria and flu viruses. We have a rental property at the beach and, in addition to using Lysol concentrate to clean floors, showers, counters, etc., I also use it to launder the mattress pads, pillow covers, bedspreads, etc., that our guests use. I always feel better knowing that the house is as clean and sanitary as possible. Unfortunately, the product is no longer available in grocery stores in my area, so it's great that I can get it at Walmart -- and at a very good price.", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Lysol product is a great oldie that really works. I remember my Mom using it when I was growing up, and it made everything smell so clean, and still does. I love this product for disinfecting and general cleaning. I couldn't find it in stores for a long time and then spotted it online at Walmart. I'm so happy to now know where I can buy it again and again.", {'entities': [(5, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use concentrated Lysol for cleaning the clothes, the kitchen, bathroom, etc. When you have a sick family this is the disenfectant to buy.', {'entities': [(20, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had trouble finding Lysol Disinfectant in stores. I was thrilled to know that I could buy it from Walmart. Love the clean, fresh smell. And, it's concentrated, so a little bit goes a long way.", {'entities': [(25, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So happy to find this classic cleaner again. Reminds me of my youth, specifically, Saturday morning chores. Every Saturday morning I had to clean the bathroom and it was the Lysol in the brown glass bottle that I used. The smell is strong, but it reminds me of clean. Just found this cleaner again. Really came in handy since my roommate had streph throat for three weeks. Disinfected everything with Lysol. I love that my house smells like Lysol. Reminds me of clean.', {'entities': [(174, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There is nothing out there that will get pet odors out like Lysol Brand Disinfectant! I mop with it, and wash out my litter boxes with it. No odor!!!', {'entities': [(60, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can honestly say three generations of my family have depended on Lysol Concentrate Disinfectant cleaner. Germs have always bothered me but having that little brown bottle to use just about anywhere, has given me peace of mind that my home is protected with the best. My only problem is I can't find it in the stores - ANYWHERE!!! Why is the bell cow of your product line NOT being offered. Hope to see it locally on my store shelves.", {'entities': [(67, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Growing up in the 60's and 70's, my Mom always had a bottle of Lysol. I thought they stopped making it since I haven't noticed it in stores or seen it advertised in decades. My new top of the line front loading machine stinks, and I have a few remedies for reducing the smell. My first thought was, boy I wish they still made that concentrated Lysol", {'entities': [(63, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used this for years. When you have odd smelling fabrics that the odor just wont go away with the wash. Use a little Lysol concentrate and everything comes out smelling clean and new.", {'entities': [(121, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Original Lysol . I wish my local Walmart would carry this in our local store.', {'entities': [(22, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will tell my friends that Lysol works', {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this concentrate Lysol everyday in my ALF to disinfect and erase smelly laundry.', {'entities': [(23, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I too have used Lysol Concentrate, because of it's cleaning disinfecting power. Love the smell. But I have not been able to find it in any local stores. It would be extremely helpful if your website had a where to buy, retailer, by zipcode.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love cleaning my bathroom with this Lysol product. This brown bottle is the best and like prior posts it is very hard to find. Some hardware stores carry it, I've been using this product for years since my son was a baby he is now 23 and I remember my mother using the little brown bottle with the funny smell. I don't care about the smell because I know that this product is killing the germs and getting my bathroom fully clean. Please don't stop making this product I don't know what I would do, this is the only product that gets my bathroom fully clean and makes me feel that my family is safe from any viruses.", {'entities': [(38, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As far back as I can remember we have used Lysol around the house. When I was a child my Ma would use it even on the doorknobs when colds were going around. Its not like the newer highly fragranced stuff you get nowdays. It does have a unique smell of its own but I personally don't find it offensive. I have used it on floors and cleaning the bathroom. I have also added it to the wash when washing pet blankies and such and it does a great job deodorizing.", {'entities': [(43, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so happy I found this product at the hardware store. I was looking for a good product to clean my house and came across Lysol Concentrate. I like how it is in a small bottle, so it doesn't take up too much cabinet space and stretches so far. The smell is wonderful and it does a great job with the floors, toilet, shower and counter tops. I also used it as directed with the laundry for the dog bedding and covers. It completely cleaned them and they came out with a neutral smell. My only complaint is that more stores should have it. A product!", {'entities': [(125, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use a bit of Lysol Concentrate in my garbage bag before putting it in the can. I sometimes put a cotton ball doused with Lysol Concentrate in my garbage can. It eliminates odors and prevents maggots in the garbage can. The smell doesn't bother me, but it might if I used it for cleaning. (The smell that does bother me is a highly advertised room freshner its perfume is overpowering.) I use the Crisp Linen scent Lysol Spray (no obnoxious smell) in every room of the house. I highly recommend to Lysol products for killing germs.", {'entities': [(15, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Lysol Concentrate, because of it's cleaning disinfecting power. Love the smell. I have been using Lysol for 40 years and my mother used it before me. But I have not been able to find the concentrate in any local stores. It would be extremely helpful if your website had a where to buy, retailer, by zipcode.", {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol concentrate is a product my mother used when I was growing up. Today, I use it in my home because it makes my home smell so much more fresher than other leading products Ive used.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Lysol concentrate for decades and wouldn't trade it! I like being able to control the strength of the cleaning solution using a concentrate, rather than aerosol sprays or pump/spritzes. It's getting harder to find in many stores, so I have to search for it. Please do Lysol fans a favor and keep producing the concentrate! Blue or original, I like both.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Lysol liquid concentrate is so popular, it is hard for Walmart to keep it on the shelves, so shoppers love to buy several bottles when they find it since it's used to clean everything.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol is the only cleaner I use for killing germs around the house auto', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Lysol concentrate disinfectant. I use it to clean everything including my bathroom and kitchen floor. It cleans up all the grime, and I trust it to kill the germs.', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Lysol concentrate daily, as I take care of a housebound senior. I have used it for over many, many years. It's still great!", {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to use Lysol spray all the time. Then I couldn't find the original scent, and found out they stopped making it! The original scent was the only one I liked!", {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I cannot use your spay any more because of the scents you now use. Please make again your original Lysol spray and/or an unscented version. If you do, I'll be happy to purchase it again.", {'entities': [(99, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
("last two cans of lemon scented Lysol wouldn't spray after a few uses. What is wrong Have used Lysol products for years.", {'entities': [(31, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It may work as well as any Lysol spray but the scent lingers and is nauseating. Why did Lysol stop manufacturing the Original scent, I liked the stuff in the old white, yellow and black can from years past.', {'entities': [(27, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've bought Lysol all my life. The Last 4 bottles, the nozzles didn't work. I take the top off and there doesn't seem to be a long hose that reaches into the bottle. What's going on In switching products", {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family has used Lysol Disinfectant spray for ever. However we used and Loved the original scent Garden Scent. The new scents are awful. Please bring back the original scent..... We have switched to a different brand because the new scents are nauseating. Please listen to the consumer and bring back the original scent!!!', {'entities': [(19, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have two cats so I clean non-stop. I love my large cans of Lysol disinfectant spray. I love it right up to the point that they stop spraying with more than half of the can left. Since I googled this and found others having this same issue I felt compelled to leave this review. FIX YOUR CANS!! You have a fabulous product with a problem you could fix. If multiple sticky hairspray manufacturers can provide aerosol cans that spray hair glue in monstrous sized cans that function properly so you can all the product in it's entirety so can you. Please take care of your customers. I prefer to continue purchasing my Lysol but if I can't get my can to spray for more than the first few uses I would be a dork to continue buying it. Thank you for your time.", {'entities': [(61, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unbearable and unnecessary fragrances. Original Lysol was perfect..no need for improvement. The medicinal smell was fine. I am allergic to perfume of any kind and don't understand why everything has to be with fragrance these days. I hope these requests and reviews are taken into consideration.", {'entities': [(48, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have had the same sprayer problem posted by other reviewers . Recently with several 19 ounce aerosol cans, the sprayer stops working well before the can is empty, leaving a significant amount of product unusable and wasted. We buy and pay extra for the Lysol brand expecting a quality product.', {'entities': [(256, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Dear Lysol, Once upon a time your disinfectant spray was somewhat medicinal and it did its job..Now, however, he new scent that you are using is making me ill. I am a fragrance lover and the one that you are using is horrible. Whoever chose it should be fired...I'm not kidding..That scent is repulsive and my husband LIKES to use it..I may have to leave home or sleep in the barn...PLEASE return to your original scent and spare me and other noses this misery.", {'entities': [(5, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased a large 19 oz can of Disinfected spray and half of the can is still in there and it quit spraying I have clean the tip and ran hot hot water over it and it still does not work. I would e-mail directly to Lysol but it won't let me.", {'entities': [(216, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Lysol and need Lysol to spray for germs however the spray nozzle always seems to stop working and Lysol isn't cheap wish they could fix this issue", {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been to three grocery stores in my area and they only carry scented Lysol. I have used Lysol my entire life and have never had this problem. I begrudgingly bought some linen scent recently for the bar, but it smelled horribly strong. I also use Lysol for sports equipment such as my running and climbing shoes. The last thing I need is to show up at the gym smelling like a bowl of potpourri. Please make scent less Lysol and distribute it nationwide. There is a HUGE demographic of people who will not use scented disinfectants. People are asking for this. It is a big deal! I love the disinfectant properties of Lysol. That is the reason so many people use it!', {'entities': [(75, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Lysol products for many years. However, my last few purchases have been disappointing. With alot of the product still left inside, the sprayer nozzle no longer works. Nothing comes out . I feel like I have thrown hard-earned money away, as I no longer have my receipt to be able to return. This happened on 2 of the 19 oz and one 12.5 oz cans. Please fix this issue. Thank you for your time.', {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hello Lysol, I loved your unscented Lysol spray. Using it made everything seem clean and sanitary. Unfortunately, since you only have the scented products available, I have stopped using it because scents and artificial perfumes cause me respiratory problems. Please bring back the unscented spray. kbh', {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Lysol Disinfectant spray is one of my favorite products, but the last 3 cans of spray I have bought have become clogged and the spray doesn't come out after only a few uses. I had to throw 2 full cans away because it won't spray and now the third can is clogging up. I tried running the nozzle under warm water and that helps for a a while, but it is a hassle. I will not purchase it again because it is getting expensive to throw out full cans that do not work.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased a 19 oz can of Lysol disinfectant spray about a month ago. The can quit spraying once I had used about half of the can's contents. I have tried rinsing the nozzle in hot water, but that didn't resolve my issue. I don't like the idea of tossing the can out with half of the product still inside. What else can I do", {'entities': [(27, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Lysol neutra air sanitizing spray everyday, but the last 3 cans i have purchased the spray button stops working and im stuck with a can half full....Is there a way to change the spray i want to continue to use the spray but im waisting money if i cant use the whole bottle....I think your products are a 5 star when it comes to cleaning....just wished the spray button worked better......thx for listening', {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Lysol spray but it so strong smelling. Any chance you there will be a no scent or light sent versions Also, there seems to be product left in the can when it stops spraying.', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The product is a good one but I am so tired of buying products that are supposed to spray and then I have to throw away over half a can because it will not spray. That is the case with my Lysol 19 oz. citrus meadows disinfectant spray.', {'entities': [(188, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hi, I have been using the Lysol Disinfectant Spray for sometime. I have a spray can 19 oz. with no spray and it feels like maybe a third is left in the can. I tried cleaning the nozzle, didn't help. I just bought a 12.5 oz but I'm worried about the same problems. Any solutions out there before I toss this 19oz can", {'entities': [(26, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hi, We are a senior home and use Lysol daily. Unfortunately, the past few times we have purchased the spray - the canister stops spraying when theres well over 1/2 left. Its very frustrating because we use this product so often. I don't want to switch to a different product but you guys need to re-design the quality of the spray nozzle.", {'entities': [(33, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother just bought herself a new can of Lysol spray, because the first one was have trouble spraying. Now the second one sprayed all night and ran all over the sink. We like the product,but it needs some improvement on the spray nozzle!', {'entities': [(43, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am having the same problem as Billybob. I now have two 19 oz cans that instead of spraying shoot out a thin stream of Lysol and makes it unusable. I've never had this problem in the past till now. What is the solution I would hate to stop using it but for the cost I am paying for it I can't continue if I am throwing a third of the can away. I gave it 3 stars only cuz of this problem other than that I would have given it a 5.", {'entities': [(120, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought 3 cans of Lysol disinfectant spray and not one of them would spray. I had to throw all 3 away. I love Lysol but I am leary about buying another spray can.', {'entities': [(19, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the many scents of Lysol disinfectant. I find Morning Breeze pleasant but very light and not long lasting as others.', {'entities': [(26, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a 19 oz. Lysol Disinfectant spray (UPC 19200 79482) that is over half full and it has quit spraying. This is very annoying, and ends up being expensive to have to throw away. Is there anything I can do about this', {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using Lysol around the house, especially the bathrooms. It helps with the messes that boys can leave behind and leaves a refeshing scent in it's place. I do have a concern though. I work in a gym childcare and a co-worker of mine loves to spray Lysol over everything at the end of the day. From reading the can, the toys should be rinsed off after they have air dryed, my guess is to rid them of any residue. She thinks they are fine but I'm worried about the little kids mouthing the toys the next day and ingesting the residue. Do I need to enforce the rinsing off", {'entities': [(13, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always loved Lysol disinfecting spray, but would love to be able to buy the original scent!! I have found that a certain drug store brand (W****eens) seems to smell much like the original Lysol and appears to have the same exact ingredients as Lysol, so I am trying that one out and it seems to be just as good, time will tell. I think the new scents probably work well, I just prefer the original scent. The original scent didn't clash with my candle scents it simply did it's job :)", {'entities': [(20, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a 3/4 full can of Lysol Disinfectant Spray that has lost it's propellant pressure. It's not the first can that this has happened with. Any suggestions to get it going", {'entities': [(25, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used many Lysol products for a number of years and am pleased with the results. I need to know however, does Lysol help at all against the Parvo virus in canines My Family dog-sat this weekend was just informed the puppy was diagnosed with Parvo early this morning. He had full run of the house now we're concerned with our 10 yr old miniature schnauzer. Thanks!", {'entities': [(15, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Lysol for years! now that i have a new baby im afraid to spray Lysol over my house, Because of the strong perfumed smell they all have! it's doesnt matter which scent you get, they all smell strong, and weird, plus I LOVE AND MISS SO BAD THE OLD SMELL YOU GUYS HAD! IT SMELLED SO GOOD AND SOFT LIKE BABY SMELL, WHERE IS IT WHY DO YOU STOPPED MAKING IT I still have to keep on using it for the bathroom, since it's the only desinfectant that i trust.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Oh my husband actually picked it out, we tried it out when he got home and I really liked it. Of course he liked it when he bought it, but it's got such a nice and fresh smell. It's not heavy like the original Lysol Spray Disinfectant. I've got allergies and it doesn't bother me at all. My husband made a home run with this one.", {'entities': [(210, 215, 'PRODUCT')]})
('clean in less time with Lysol products so you can get on with life', {'entities': [(24, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have grown up using Lysol disinfectant spray really enjoy the new scents available coupons offered regularly!', {'entities': [(20, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a Home Daycare provider and this is a must in my house. I use all the Lysol products and LOVE them!", {'entities': [(74, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Lysol products for years in my home. I can't imagine not using them, especially in the bathrooms and kitchen.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Lysol but my family is scent sensitive. Please bring back unscented Lysol. Not all people liked the scented varieties', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love my Lysol spray, smell great and kill grams', {'entities': [(8, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this in my preschool classroom to sanitize toys, furniture and other manipulatives. It's easy and I trust Lysol for disinfecting!", {'entities': [(112, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried most of the sprays on the market, and they have an unnatural odor. Thank you Lysol for being the spray that I can count on for all these years', {'entities': [(90, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol early morning smell very ice and scent lastes.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We use Lysol IC in our medical facility and we love the smell and loves the security it gives us in knowing we are disinfecting our air and surfaces after each patient!', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I feel confident when I use Lysol as this disinfectant will do the job. I especially like the orange scented spray as it really leaves the bathroom smelling fresh.', {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love this product. I got it in the Jasmine and Rain scent and would love to try the crisp linen and a few others! Yet another one of Lysols great products - the only products I use in my home! ESPECIALLY during flu season!!', {'entities': [(142, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Lysol's spray's. From the original Yellow to the newest Jasmine and rain. Lysol has a clean, fresh scent that the other company's cannot duplicate. I will always use this product. Lysol is a name you can trust!", {'entities': [(19, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you ....thank you ....Went to the market today and saw Lysol Lemon Breeze Disinfectant Spray . Have been waiting for a lemon scent for so long. Just sprayed my house and will go back to purchase more. Lovely clean scent .', {'entities': [(61, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just used up my last can of original scent Lysol and it appears that this is no longer available! I am not a fan of the other scents. Any help would be greatly appreciated! Thanks!', {'entities': [(45, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Lysol products have been around since I was a kid and they have never disappointed me, it's the king of disinfectants. I love it!!", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Lysol year round, it safeguards my family. We also use Lysol at work, in our break room, and in our squad cars. It WORKS!', {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Lysol Disinfecting Spray. This is my go to product especially during flu season. I use it all year round though so that I can ensure that my family and I can stay as healthy and germ free as possible.', {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I literally CAN NOT live without my Lysol Disinfectant Spray! I keep one is my bedroom right at the door to stop any germs before they even enter the room! I think I even got a can for my brithday -- best present ever!!', {'entities': [(36, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Lysol.all the time, love the fragrance of Early Morning Breeze.', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hello....I think that the Original Lysol Spray scent was the best.....clean and fresh and not at all like the scents out there now.....the Linen is ok but still not as clean smelling as 'Original", {'entities': [(35, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Lysol it is my favorite cleaning product and I use it all the time! I recommend it to everybody! Keeps the germs away especially when u have a lot of little ones running around!', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('will you please bring back the one with no smell or let me know where I can get it. I can not use the one with the scents. Lysol is a wonderful product and I really miss it. Thank you', {'entities': [(123, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I couldn't live without it. Lysol makes life healthier both at home and at school. I only wish it were a bit less expensive. We try to provide all the classrooms with at least two cans but it gets very pricey very soon.Lysol please lower your price!", {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hello, I love the Lysol room spray products use them everyday. Do you have a scent that smells like baby wipes (baby powder) The vanilla is my favorite by the way. Keep up the great products and commitment to customer satisfaction!', {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You really need to bring back unscented or even original smelled better then these awful smelling ones. I've used Lysol for many years and these new smells are just awful. I do recommend all your products and will continue to buy them.", {'entities': [(114, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I noticed that Lysol doesn't use CFC propellant in its spray cans. It doesn't say what it does use either. So, what exactly does Lysol use as a propellant for the spray cans", {'entities': [(15, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol spray is a must have in the bathroom. It is useful both at home and a necessity when away in strange bathrooms. It kills 99.9 of germs which could cause all kinds of illnesses. My family is never without a can for both sanitizing surfaces and freshening the air.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Lysol Disinfectant Spray. I use it everywhere. I spend a lot of time in austere environments and I use it all the time to keep things sanitary.', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are a younger non-profit that works with the homeless, the working poor, our veterans and their families and we also give assistance with natural and man-made disasters. We strictly use a variety of Lysol Toilet bowl cleaners, Lysol Bathroom cleaner, Lysol Sanitizing Sprays, Lysol Disinfecting Wipes on a consistent basis. We not only appreciate the comfort of knowing that Lysol Brand products do what they are supposed to do, they are also worth the little extra for the piece of mind. And we really love the smell of the bathrooms from the Bathroom Cleaner - it lingers and smells so fresh. Thank you for making these excellent products!', {'entities': [(202, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried the off brand Dorset work as well. I am sticking to this brand. I like the various scents. I feel my house is cleaner after spraying with Lysol.', {'entities': [(151, 156, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use nothing but Lysol products in my home, in the bathroom, bedroom, and basically all over my home because it kills germs, virus's, bacteria on surfaces. It leaves my bathroom smelling fresh and a lot of other ways it keeps my home clean and fresh. I use it on my door knobs, in the kitchen, just all over. I've used other products before Lysol and NONE of them did the things Lysol does for my home. So I'm a avid buyer of LYSOL products. LOVE YOUR PRODUCTS KEEP UP THE GOOD WORK! I strongly recommend ALL OF YOUR PRODUCTS! ANYTHING new you come out with I'm buying it.", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Lysol sprays all my life and that was a natural I suppose since my grandmother used it all her life. In regards to the 'RestRooms' this particular scent functions much better than some of the others....for example the scent in the dark blue can, is awful for restrooms, in my opinion. I am not particularly crazy about the 'cans' per se but it's not a deal breaker for me. Lysol really does kill germs. It's a good idea to use it in the cold and flu season months even if you don't use it any other time.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a Lysol user for over 30 years. After reading some other reviews, I see some people have the same troubles I have experienced as far as the cans stop spraying with a lot of product left in it. Very annoying considering it is a little expensive. Also, some scents are so over-powering. I tend to stick with Crisp Linen. That is the least bothersome. Overall though, I trust it for keeping my family healthy. I would not use anything else. I would love to see a tropical scent in the future. I love coconut. That would be interesting.', {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We bought 2 cans of lemon scented Lysol Disenfectant spray within the last 2 months or so. I noticed a FAB stamp on the bottom of the can of 5/10/15 today. Does this mean we have until 5/17 before the shelf life goes bad If so, I wish I had know as I won't use 2 cans that quick.", {'entities': [(34, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lysol Disinfectant Spray has always been a good idea for sanitizing surfaces. I love the idea of it having such a pretty, but subtle scent in the Early Morning Freeze fragrance.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a problem with light mold and a mildew smell in my basement. This scent of Lysol removed the smell from leather hand-bags, shoes and furniture without an overwhelming scent. Some items had to be treated a couple of times, but in the end the Lysol worked!!', {'entities': [(81, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was raised with Lysol. Kills germs and smells clean.', {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's an awesome smelling Lysol and it makes my already clean house free of germs", {'entities': [(25, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best-smelling Lysol spray, and it doesn't take much to either kill the germs OR to leave a nice scent. This is my favorite thus far.", {'entities': [(26, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product works great in my home. I have a lot of family and children who are asthmatic and this scent doesn't bother or trigger any symptoms which is great! I also work in pediatrics and use it in all my exam rooms. I get ton's of compliments on how great and clean it smells when patients come for appointments. Please don't ever get rid of this scent! Love Lysol!", {'entities': [(363, 368, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Lysol Disinfectant Spray for years. The spray does exactly what you want it to do: kill germs. I use it on door handles, light switches, faucets, toilet seats, furniture, counter tops, vehicles... basically everywhere. I can't control germs everywhere, but I can control/ eliminate the ones in my home and vehicles. I get a cold maybe once every two years, and I believe Lysol helps keep me and my family healthy. (I also use Lysol disinfecting wipes, Neutra Air spray, and foaming hand soap.). I have one request for the company- PLEASE bring back Lemon scent. It was, by far, the best scent. It didn't just sanitize and disinfect, but it smelled great! I could use it as an air freshener, as well (which cannot be said for all of the scents). Lemon scent and Linen scent are the only two scents I can use that don't force me out of the room after spraying. Some of the scents have an underlying smell that forces me to leave the room until it has dissipated. Original scent was the absolute worst to have this affect almost had a bug spray smell to it. Lysol has come a long way since that first spray. Lysol: I absolutely love the Lemon scent and cannot believe it was discontinued. Please bring it back. Thank you!", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used LYSOL Sanitizing Spray for years. My four kids are all grown and married now and they were taught to use the Lysol Spray all the time! LYSOL was a family name at our house!! You can depend on it santiziing whatever it is sprayed on! It can be used in a sick room to kill germs or to freshen bedsheets when you are making the beds! We have five inside dogs but never have to worry about odor.....not when LYSOL is around! It kills the pet odors and leaves a clean fresh smell. Our friends are amazed and have commented about how good LYSOL works. On trips, we always carry a can of LYSOL! It helps kill possible germs from former guests in a motel room I would leave home without it and I wouldn't stay in the house without it!!!", {'entities': [(119, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Early Morning Breeze disinvectant spray since it first came out. After having used Lysol sprays for years, I found the scent to be very pleasing. I use it to spray my mattress a couple of times a month, disinfect the trash cans, door knobs, kitchen surfaces, vanity tops, and have even used it to spray into the washing machine tubs at the laundromat when I needed to use a large machine. I have recently began buying other scents and have been quite pleased. They all do the same job. Buying on line assures me I will be able to find the scents I like so much, when the shelves at the store are frequently void of what I am looking for.', {'entities': [(95, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a Nurse, and I am of the opinion that Lysol Spray is invaluable to me. I do one-on-one care, and one day I sat in a clients chair, in a nursing home and started to itch badly. I immediately went out to my car and got my Lysol Spray. I sprayed the chair thoroughly, wherever I might touch it, when using--gave it a few minutes to dry, sat back down in the chair again--and NO MORE COOTIES! I am sure now, the chair was covered with Staph germs, invisible to the naked eye. I spray down most surfaces when I enter a client's room to ensure their Health Safety and my own. Lysol Toilet Bowl Cleaner is also the best. I am so glad that I have access to such good products!", {'entities': [(43, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Lysol spray on everything during cold and flu season and when I stay in hotels. I find most of the scents to be too strong to spray on bedding. But the Soft Powder scent makes you feel clean and comfy.That's a great thing when you're sick or in a hotel bed.So,please bring back Soft Powder scent!", {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My top item that I use from Lysol is the spray trigger multi purpose cleaner with hydrogen peroxide.. I absolutely loved it so much I buy six at a time. I have my own cleaning business and won't use anything else. I also use the royal blue bottle of toilet bowl cleaner and my customers love it!", {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use LYSOL Disinfectant Spray every day. I find it reliable for controlling odors in carpets, germs in bathrooms, and mildew in closets. I have pets and I spray my carpets after vacuuming to eliminate any pet odors. I have tried other products but have always come back to Lysol Linen Spray. My only fault with it is that you need to avoid woodwork at all costs when spraying it leaves spots.', {'entities': [(274, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There was an odor after my last laundry in my front load HE washing machine. I tried the packets of odor removers to no avail. Then I decided to spray my Lysol Disinfectant Spray in the machine after my last load, leaving the door slightly open. I have not smelled that foul odor ever again. I now keep a can of Lysol on top of the washing machine. I recommend it to everyone!', {'entities': [(154, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I truely miss the old original scent, the silver and gold can. Remember growing up and having that can everywhere, even in the school nurses office. I have tried every scent you have on the market in my area, but they smell TOO FAKE and too sweet. I beleive if your going to use Lysol, it should smell like lysol. Please, bring originsl back!! Recommend only the orginal scent!', {'entities': [(279, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always loved the fact that Lysol kills germs. But when I could no longer find the Original scent Lysol Disinfectant spray, I tried the others. They are all too perfume-y, and the only one I could tolerate was the Vanilla one. Then I found the Lemon Breeze scent and I LOVE it! It's similar to the Original, but better. I can only find it in one store though. Please keep producing this one. I'm sure most people who use Lysol will LOVE this scent too. Thanks Lysol : )", {'entities': [(34, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love this scent, I've refused to use Lysol in the past because I could never take the smell of ANY of them. The baby's room scent is now my go to disinfectant that's fast and easy to use.", {'entities': [(37, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Chris is my name and cleaning is my game.....thanks to Citrus Meadows Lysol disinfectant spray. Great scent! I trust this product to kill the germs in my daily cleaning. Family has been using since the original gold can!!! My favorite scent-maybe you can put into a wipe as well! Just a quick thought..ever think of bringing back the baby powder scent', {'entities': [(70, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As per many of the other reviews -- PLEASE BRING BACK COCOA. I've used this shade for over 7 years -- I have never had a lipstick that works as well as COCOA. It's the best!!! PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE bring it back. I've tried other Burt's Bees shades -- but nothing looks as good as COCOA. 1 Star -- only because there is no COCOA.", {'entities': [(229, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Lip Shimmers line is great. I have particularly been a fan of the Papaya color ever since I first saw it years ago. It is (was) a great color with bronze/brown tones that worked well for my tones. I got compliments all the time. Apparently Burt's Bees has elected to revamp these colors for no apparent reason, and all of these new colors are very pink toned. You will notice that all of the many, many complaints are from people who preferred bronze or brown tones who have been left behind by this change. I am at a loss to explain why this company would ignore such brand loyalty by changing these colors for essentially no reason, and while providing no acceptable substitute. Please reconsider this decision to provide only pink-toned Lip Shimmers, and bring back the bronze-toned ones, especially wonderful Papaya!", {'entities': [(244, 255, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was a great product, but now the colors my friends and I have used in the past are no longer available.We wasted a lot of time walking the aisles of many, many stores searching for our colors. Why do you do this We have tried several of your other colors and do not like them. I'm giving two stars because of your color choices. Please return to the colors such as Nutmeg and Toffee. My friends and I are currently using other products, but would return to Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer if you added the old colors back to your collection.", {'entities': [(462, 473, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to be a big fan of Burts Bees, but have recently scrutinized the ingredients of every product I use.I am an avid make up fan with a medical and scientific research background. The ingredient carmine is actually acquired from killing a certain type of beetle. It is a pinkish/red dye which comes from this bug and we put it all over our face. Some people don't really care but I think it's a little icky. Carmine is also has other names, can't recall exactly, like Red 4 and some others. This information is easy to find. I think it's interesting that all of the fruit oils are given their pleasant names however carmine does not say beetle dye in parentheses next to the ingredient name. When I wore this lip shimmer prior to gaining this knowledge, I did enjoy the colors and the conditioning properties. Burt's Bees is a good company, but not as perfect as everyone believes. Better than many others. I have stopped using this product and the many others containing carmine from all brands, including Dior, MAC, Benefit, and countless others.Though it appears that the color radiance is lacking the beetle dye.", {'entities': [(813, 824, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so bummed that the Cocoa Lip Shimmer has been discontinued. I lived on that. Unfortunately, that was the only color I liked (I've tried them all), so Burt's Bees has lost me as a customer unless they bring that one back. I'm so bummed. :(", {'entities': [(155, 166, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these and like them a lot. I tend to use the Burt's Bees regular lip-balm more often , but these are a great product for those that want a little color.", {'entities': [(51, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am admittedly not a big lipstick fan, but I do love the normal Burt's Bees chap stick and so this is a wonderful combination. I get the moisturizing and nice feeling of the chap stick and I get a touch of color without it being too harsh.", {'entities': [(65, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I agree with the other writers about too many pink/rose shades and not enough peach/coppery ones. I can't find Papaya at all locally and haven't seen Nutmeg but bought both on-line. Burt's Bees, are you listening We want shades suitable for redheads.", {'entities': [(182, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees Lip Shimmers are one of the only products I put on my lips. I have thrown out all of my other toxic lip colors and strictly use the Lip Shimmer: I am fair skinned and found a wide range of the colors look good on me. I alternate between: Champagne Guava Watermelon Rhubarb Raisin I can't wait to try Peony and Caramel!", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You sooo need to bring Coca back!!! I don't like wearing lipstick especially in the summer. Burt's Bees gave me an option of keeping my lips soft with color but they too Coca AWAY!! All of the 4 other different colors I have tired just look awful on me and it hasn't matter which season we are in. PLEASE PLEASE IT BACK!!!!", {'entities': [(92, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As with all Burt's Bees products, it's good to know that I can use this without worrying about toxic ingredients like parabens or pthalates. It comes in many great colors, so it's easy to find one that suits you. My favorites are peony, caramel and nutmeg. I also LOVE the minty feeling on my lips! Now if only it had spf.", {'entities': [(12, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a long time user of Burt's Bees regular chapstick but I like a little color now and then. This is nice lip gloss as far as texture and scent. It could be a little more long lasting but I guess that would make it thicker, which I despise. I should try some of these newer colors, I like a very neutral color that accents my lip color not one that is vastly different from my own color.", {'entities': [(25, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I suffer from vitiligo, a condition where the skin becomes depigmented. It especially attacks areas of high pigment like the lips. A few years ago, my lips went white. I was using a commercial lipstick, but was not happy with how it dried my lips, when a friend recommended Burt's Bees with Color. I found my exact shade in Papaya and was ecstatic. Unfortunately, when I went to buy a new one, all the stores had were light colored shimmers. The darkest I could find was Peony, which barely tints my lips, which any lip balm can do. Fortunately for me, you still have Papaya on this site as a clearance item and I am buying several tubes, but I can't be the only one using your product not purely for cosmetic reasons. The light-colored frosts are not something I've ever liked, and from the other reviews I've seen, I'm not alone in wanting the darker colors back. I'm very happy with your product for how it treats my lips. Discontinuing colors is unfortunate. Is it so hard to keep a large stock of colors available Word is getting out about how good these are compared to lipstick. I know I've been spreading the word.", {'entities': [(274, 285, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You have no idea how much money I have spent over MANY years on lipsicks that weren't right!! They look one color and when applied, a completely different color. Once I discovered Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer in COCOA, my life changed for the better, and my pocketbook was thicker!!! PLEASE BRING BACK COCOA!!!! Have a classic line as other cosmetics do when a product was eliminated and then brought back due to customer demand. I'm so happy to see so many others who share my opinion. You have nothing to lose and everything to gain...life-long, satisfied customers!!!! Please, please, please...bring back COCOA!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(180, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am very happy Cocoa Lip Shimmer is back!! Love this color!! Thanks Burt's Bees for listening to your customers.", {'entities': [(69, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the Lip Products, especially Lip Shimmer from Burt's Bees. I don't use anything else anymore and highly recommend them to everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(51, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't believe cocoa shimmer has been discontinued. From the reviews here, I see I am not the only one. Please bring cocoa shimmer back or my love affair with Burt's Bees is over!!!", {'entities': [(160, 171, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer for 5-6 years now. It is the only product I use on my lips. Since I no longer wear makeup, this is THE PERFECT product to give my face some color! Keep on Burt's Bees! I LOVE IT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have been using Burt's Bees products for years and love the products! However, you discontinued 2 of my favorite shades: Papaya and Coffee. I'm currently using Caramel and hoping you will not discontinue this color", {'entities': [(16, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am allergic to all lipsticks and so greatful I found Burt's Bees lip shimmers. It keeps your lips moist and there is a great selection of colors. I have been using this product for at least 8 years. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(55, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My sister bought me a Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer, and I LOVE IT! I wear it all the time, and while you have to put it on more than once a day, it's worth it for the lovely look I get on my lips.", {'entities': [(22, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees: I love your lip shimmers. They are beautiful and fit perfectly in my jeans pocket to carry around all day. Your new colors are beautiful. Thank you for giving us an all natural, wonderful beauty product!", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was looking for something other than a heavy lipstick and decided to try Burt's Bees Lip Shimmers. I purchased 2 colors. I love them, so ordered several other colors. Looks nice and makes my lips feel good. Stays on too.", {'entities': [(75, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will continue to buy this lip shimmer for a long time it's fantastic! Really moisturizing and comes in great colors. I would recommend it to anyone, and I have! Burt's Bees has the best products! (Oh, and it smells great too!)", {'entities': [(163, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Lip Shimmer for several years now. I like the sheerness of the colors, it glides on well and is not greasy or drying. I also like the numerous color variations they now have. Another great Burt's Bees product!", {'entities': [(211, 222, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best lip color I've ever used! All other lipsticks (including other Burt's Bees lip colors) dry my lips out terribly, but this one is great! The fig color can be put on lightly for a light look or more heavily for super sexy lips! :D This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Caramel Lip Shimmer is my favorite go to. The peppermint tingle is all I need to feel fresh and start my day. 100 natural lip color Heck Yes! Thank you Burt's Bees for a perfect balance between coverage and shine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(156, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love this lip shimmer by Burt's Bees because it's a cross between lip balm a lipstick. Not too balmy, not too lip-sticky, if that makes sense. The color stays for a long time too. It feels really nice on my lips. I use it all the time! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(34, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have gone back and forth for a long time, and finally purchased the lip shimmer in Strawberry. I am so glad I did the color is amazing, not too bright, not too light, but the perfect balance of natural pink. Thank you, Burt's Bees!", {'entities': [(221, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer is my go to lipstick. I love the Peony shade since it's neutral, so it goes with everything. The Lip Shimmer is great since it's not too heavy like regular lipsticks and the hint of peppermint soothes your lips. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wear Burt's Bees Lip Shimmers every day at work. The slim size fits easily in my pocket and the shimmer adds a pleasant amount of color and keeps my lips soft and conditioned. These are my favorite tinted balm. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So excited to know that Burt's Bees' is bringing back my all time favorite color Cocoa. I quit wearing lip color after they removed it from their line. I will be sure to stock up on the Cocoa Lip Shimmer this time around. Thanks!!! for bringing it back.", {'entities': [(24, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been making the switch to more natural and cruelty free products, and Burt's Bees is my go-to for lip products. This one has become my new favorite lipstick. I own several colors. They look great, keep my lips soft, and I love layering with the lip glosses too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried in vain to find my favorite Lip Shimmer: Toffee. So... I thought I'd come directly to the source, Burt's Bees, only to NOT find it here, either. Have you discontinued it Please say it ain't so. has it just been renamed", {'entities': [(111, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Burt's Bees lipshimmers.. 99.9 of the time it is the only lipstick I wear. I do miss two colors in particular that I hope come back one day.. they are Nutmeg and also Merlot. I hope you consider bringing them back.. soon..", {'entities': [(7, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Burt's Bees lip products and use them every day. My only complaint is that I wish there were more natural colors in the lip shimmers, (like the lip tint Tiger Lily or Honeysuckle.) The only natural(ish) shade I can use is Peony.", {'entities': [(7, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These color your lips so beautifully, and provide the Burt's Bees delicious care. Won't dry out your lips or get old-looking like lipstick. Doesn't wear long, but it feels so great you won't mind replinishing. My favorite shade: cocoa.", {'entities': [(54, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is now my favorite lip shimmer, because it has peppermint in it. My lips are very dry, and I need to reapply lip shimmer (or Burt's Bees Ultra Conditioning Lip Balm) every half hour or so. This lip balm feels so good on my lips. Plus, the color is lovely This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(130, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Am so thrilled to have Cocoa Shimmer back and when I can buy it at my local stores again things will be as good as they were before Cocoa disappeared from the scene. Thank you, thank you to Burt's Bees for listening to the needs and wants of your customers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(190, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Burt's Bees but you discontinued COCOA and it was the only one color that worked for me and I speak for several of my friends also. As I said we love that color but now have to look into other producs for a color match! PLEASE, PLEASE bring back COCOA!", {'entities': [(7, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have enjoyed Burt's Bees products for years without complaint. Now my only complaint is the discontinuation of the cocoa lip shimmers! I have tried a couple of the other colors and they're nice, but nothing compares. I hope there is enough feedback like this to bring it back!", {'entities': [(15, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am upset at myself for discovering the greatness of this product just now. It lasts longer than other Burt's Bees lip balms. I also like how the color of the lip shimmer is subtle on my lips because I hate color exaggeration. I am definitely going to purchase this again.", {'entities': [(104, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer is so perfect for me. It helps to moisturize my lips and works great as a lip color! The shimmer lasts for hours without being retouched. It also soothes your lips when they are chapped. LOVE this product!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this lipcolor, it smells great and feels wonderful on my lips. I have tried many brands but Burt's Bees is the best Now, I will never use anything else.", {'entities': [(99, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am not a fan of lipstick, but I love the subtle color of Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer. My lips feel soft and moisturized, while not being too showy and unreal with bright lipstick. Just enough shine and color to look great, but not over the top. They also taste great and not like chemicals! Love it!", {'entities': [(59, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
(".. and I cannot find it. Not even on your own website. This delicious color allows me to wear RED without looking overdone. I love my Burt's Bees lip shimmer in RAISIN. I have been looking all over for it. Other shades look insipid in comparison. Lovely tho they are, they are not RED. Help!", {'entities': [(134, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer is the best ever. I play soccer and when out there your lips can get dry do to the sun. I tried several lilp balms and lip glosses, none really helped as they would disappear. But, Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer stays with you and keeps your lips protected and looking good.", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best lip product I have ever used, and there have been many! I love that this shimmer has the beneficial properties of the regular Burt's Bees Lip Balm, but has the added bonus of wonderful color!!! The Toffee shade is my favorite! I hope you never stop making it! Keep up the good work! :)", {'entities': [(143, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this lip shimmer in Fig. I LOVE it! I layer it over the Replenishing lip balm (shich is great too), and it feels wonderful on. It's light and has a wonderful hint of color without any stickiness or funky flavor. I am definitely hooked on this and other Burt's Bees products! Peace. )", {'entities': [(265, 276, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this lip color because it's not heavy or sticky. I also have naturally dry lips so having the Burt's Bees lipbalm included is an ultimate plus. The minty feel and taste (not that I eat it so it's more of a smell) is refreshing and I never worry about being kissed - I absolutely love it and have it in almost every shade! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(101, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had been looking for lip balm without an aftertaste. Fortunately, my local grocery store had a whole display of these new colored lip balms from Burt's Bees. I tried both a pink and a brown tone. The Cocoa shade was just perfect. Great cooling sensation, great color and best of all, no strange flavor (it's flavorless!) --- YAY!!", {'entities': [(147, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved the lip shimmers for years, and have a tube of cocoa at work, at home, and in my purse at all times. It was perfect! Why was it discontinued I've tried other colors, and I don't think I'll be able to stay with the Burt's Bees brand as they don't work for me. PLEASE listen to your customers and bring it back. Lisa", {'entities': [(227, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Burt's Bees Replenishing Lip Balm with Pomegranate oil for awhile now, and I've been loving it!!! So, I decided to buy Lip Shimmers just to try out and I love them even more!!! ) I bought Champagne, Watermelon, and Rhubarb!!! Great colors! Lip Shimmers moisturizes and add color to your lips!!! Great product!!!", {'entities': [(16, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Burt's Bees Lip Balm under my lip gloss, but since I found this, I no longer need the lip gloss. I am a brown, earthy tone girl and I love the caramel color. It is so light and feels just like the lip balm although it adds just the perfect amount of color for me. Another must have in the land of Bees", {'entities': [(19, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely LOVE this Lip Shimmer. It is great to have in my purse or even small enough to put in a jeans pocket for on the run. It looks great, feels great and smells great. I love that it adds some color, while moisturizing my lips. Burt's Bees' Lip Shimmer is the best all-around color gloss in the market!", {'entities': [(236, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the color Peony! I make sure that I have one at home, at the office, in my purse, everywhere. It keeps my lips moisturized and gives me that little bit of color that is so natural. The peppermint tingle is an added bonus. Love this product and use it all the time. Thanks Burt's Bees! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(279, 290, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have fair skin and don't like to wear lipstick at all since, even the most fairest of shades, look really intense with my complexion. I saw some Burt's Bees at my local grocers and bought the shade closest to my natural lip color, which was Peony. It is the best thing ever and I enjoy the little hint of minty freshness.", {'entities': [(147, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Please, please bring this color back. I have approached many cosmetic counters in department stores and immediately the first comment is that my lip shade is very pretty. I am ALWAYS proud to say that it is a Toffee from Burt's Bees. I have tried to find a product and color that will be as satisfying and there is none.", {'entities': [(221, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the lip shimmer . I love the way it feels when you put it on. This should be in every girls makeup bag. Its a healthier option than other companies that put lots of chemicals into there make up. The lip shimmer is very similar to the lip balm everyone loves, except that it has pigment. LOVE that Burt's Bees has expanded their products to include makeup.", {'entities': [(304, 315, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am scrapping the very last bits out of my last tube of Cocoa and now find out I can't buy it anymore!!!! There isn't a shade even close to it, and its my next favorite after Watermelon. Please bring it back! I have ditched all lip products for just Burt's Bees..... it takes care of keeping my lips moist and not chapped and great hint of color! Love it!", {'entities': [(251, 262, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After a LIFETIME of searching for the right lipstick (and spending hundreds of dollars on the quest) I have finally found my color. Burt's Bees Plum, it is absolutely perfect, stays on long enough, and doesn't bleed or get all cakey. I love it, and it's so affordable compared to all those expensive designer lipsticks! Thank you thank you thank you...", {'entities': [(132, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm very disappointed that they have discontinued the lip shimmer in 'Toffee'...i've tried other colors along with the 'Cocoa'..and these two are my favorite...i've been using these lip shimmers for a very long time and the Toffee is still my favorite I still keep looking in the stores hoping that Burt's Bees will bring this color back....please please please.....love them.....", {'entities': [(299, 310, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I gave my Mother your Lip Shimmer in Raison and she loves it! She told me it was one of the best gifts that i ever bought her-and wanted more of them in different colors. She has a bad problem with feathering, and she says that your product looks great all the time and NEVER ends up where it shouldn't go! Thanks Burt's Bees, for making me a hero to my beloved Mother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(314, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the Cocoa shade...absolutely my favorite. The toffee was running up a very close 2nd place and now I can't get either one of them I've been using these for years!!! I don't like regular lipstick, period. I tried to order the caramel, but of course, there is none! I tried Nutmeg also...there is none!! What is going on here Come on, Burt's Bees... PLEASE BRING BACK THE FAVORITES OF SO MANY OF US OUT HERE!!! Thanks!", {'entities': [(341, 352, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently found this color - actually I believe I stole it from my daughters make up bag. I have tried other lip shimmer colors, but this is hands down my favorite lip color of any lipstick i have EVER used! ANY...not just Burt's Bees! Please, please, please consider bringing this color back. Maybe for a limited time if nothing else...Christmas Toffee perhaps I will buy 10 tubes and be happy for the year!!", {'entities': [(224, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Burt's Bees products for a few years now, and I love these lip shimmers. I have fair skin, and I love how the rhubarb color compliments me. I have tried the radiance shimmer and the champagne color as well, which I just bought a new stick of :) No other brand of lip color even comes CLOSE to Burt's Bees...refreshing, moisturizing, long lasting color, and all natural...what could be better", {'entities': [(18, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Honestly i feel i can leave the house in the morining if I have my mascara and my Burt's Bees lip shimmer. I LOVE classic Burt's Bees balm. But this is better for work it's like healthy lipstick, but sheer. My favorite color if i had to pick one is watermelon. I think if you are going to be putting something on your lips you should feel 100 good about whats in it. I feel 100 good about lip shimmers.", {'entities': [(82, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It seems there are so many of us wondering WHY Nutmeg is no longer offered. I am on my last one and now find it impossible to find a Burt's Bees color to replace it. I am now going to have to change brands and will no longer be a customer...WHY would such a decision be made I do know this is not an uncommon practice in the cosmetic industry, but I thought your company was different.", {'entities': [(133, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When Burt's Bees made lip stick, their fig lip stick was my all time favorite. Even though the product line changed, I'm so glad they kept fig as a color. This product gives a nice shimmer and just enough color. Keeps lips pretty and moisturized though out the day. I keep one at my desk, in my purse, in the bathroom, and in my travel bag. That way I'll never be without my fig lip shimmers.", {'entities': [(5, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Burt's Bees Plum Lip Shimmer for the first time today, it did not disappoint. The color works very well with my cool, practically neon-white skin, is buildabe, doesn't bleed, feather, or migrate at all. It also has a nice sheen to it, and a refreshing, cooling, breath freshening hit of peppermint oil that I always enjoy in a lip product. Plum is not too dark for me, like I thought it might be. I look forward to trying other Shimmers:)", {'entities': [(8, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Burt's Bees lip shimmer for about 6 years nonstop. I tend to like the non-metallic pinks and reds such as Merlot, Raisin, and Rhubarb. But the new Cherry shade is the best!!! I would describe it as a perfect coral (non-metallic, of course)!!!! I hope this becomes a Burt's Bees classic because I can see me wearing this until I'm eighty years old!! So classic, so flattering and knocks chap stick out of the water for moisture!", {'entities': [(18, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Totally in love with this product! I am a gloss and lipstick addict. This one product has freed me from them all. I love that it has a fresh minty feel with just the right amount of color. No need to use two products any longer. The color lasts and doesn't cake it just gradually fades. I discovered it by accident in a bookstore and then tracked it down on the internet, because I never want to be without it again) Fabulous job Burt's Bees!", {'entities': [(430, 441, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer is my favorite lip product. I love that it feels lighter than other lip colors and it makes my lips feel good. Please consider bringing back my favorite colors Nutmeg and Cocoa! I don't understand why those colors were discontinued when I had trouble ever even getting them in the stores because they were always sold out!!! I do like the Champagne color for everyday wear and that is what I now resort to purchasing so instead of 3 colors I buy one. So sad. . .", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Burt's Bees lip products for 11 years, since I went through chemo for cancer. My already dry lips became chapped. One of my oncology nurses recommended the Burt's Bees lip products and I tried them... and I've used them ever since. One of my daughters and her daughter also use these products (we each have our favorites). I've always liked Rhubarb and Nutmeg, but can no longer find Nutmeg. So I've tried Papaya... and now I can't find that color... HELP!", {'entities': [(20, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees is my alternative to lipstick, Rhubarb is my favorite! They have the trendy colors I want, and other Vaseline, Burt's Bees is the only lip color I can use without causing an acne breakout around my lips because of my extremely sensitive skin. These have been a great solution though, I love them so much I always feel like I need to stockpile on them in case they ever get phased out!", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Lip Shimmer is one of your best products and I've tried almost every shade. None of them quite measure up to Cocoa, though. Please, please listen to your customers and bring this product back, even if it's only for a limited time. I know I would buy at least 5 + tubes and wouldn't doubt that the majority of people who have posted about Cocoa would as well. If this many people have taken the time to post about it, ti's for good reason! Please, Burt's Bees!", {'entities': [(451, 462, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so grateful for Burt's Bees! Out of the many products I am obsessed with from this brand, the Lip Shimmer in Nutmeg is one of the them! The little color swatch on the website is midleading- the shade is actually a beautiful coral. I am so glad I found this shade, please never discontinue it! It is perfect in every way- perfect tone, size, texture, ingredients, and VALUE. Thanks Burt's for allowing the switch to paraben-free cosmetics to be easy! We end up eating lip products inadvertently anyway, they should be natural!", {'entities': [(21, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used the lip shimmer Cocoa for several years now, after it was recommended to me by a co-worker. After I discovered Cocoa, I discarded Nutmeg and Watermelon and a couple others, and have never searched further. Now I find that Cocoa is unavailable! I looked through the new color line-up and do not see even a close substitute. Please bring back Cocoa. If not I will look for a new product line. I find it stupid and frustrating that Burt's Bees would mess with its products and customers, for reasons I cannot discern.", {'entities': [(441, 452, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I first tried Burt's Bees lip shimmer a few years ago. I have never went back! You cannot believe the softness and long lasting color of the shimmers. Nothing feels quite like it and I always make sure there are several ( one for the car, one for my purse, one in my bedroom, one in the saddlebags on our bike, yes there is even one in my coat pocket) I am never without it! Thank you for such a great product you have a customer for life! And now I want to try many of the the other natural products for my grand children.", {'entities': [(14, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I came to the Burt's Bees sight looking to purchase the Cocoa Lip Shimmer because I have not been able to purchase it in stores. It's spot is empty or non-existent everywhere I go. To my horror, it appears that you don't carry it anymore! Is that really the case Everyone in my circle of friends is looking for it because we don't wear anything else! Every last one of us have tried the other colors and they do not work for us. Someone must read this and bring the Cocoa back! I'm starting a Cocoa Lip Shimmer campaign!", {'entities': [(14, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love my Burt's Bees Lip Shimmers. I can't wear any other lipsticks because they taste awful. BUT, I miss TOFFEE! I wear Cocoa and Toffee. I've tried some of the other shades, but they don't work for my skin tone. If I added Toffee to those other colors though, they worked. Now I'm left scraping the remnants of the tubes with lip brushes to get the last bit of Toffee out of the tubes. Once I'm completely out, those other colors will be thrown out. They just don't look good on me. : ( Please bring back Toffee!", {'entities': [(10, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried other products that claim to have shimmer and also makes your lip moist, and most of them don't really last that long or taste terrible. Each Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer tastes the same Mint. I know some people say that mint actually dries up your lips, but not in this case. It smells good, it tastes good, and lasts a decent amount of time. The texture is a little greasy at first. The color wears off after the first hour, but NOT completely. Overall it's a great Lip Shimmer. I highly recommend it :)", {'entities': [(153, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been buying Cocoa Lip Shimmer for years, it is the only brown lipstick/ lipbalm that holds it color, doesn't bleed, and doesn't rub off on my teeth - there has been no other color like it - I had no idea it had been discontinued!! Please bring it back. I usually buy it 2 or 3 tubes at a time, and keep one in my purse and in various places around the house. I only have a partial tube left, and cannot find any other color like it in the Burt's Bees lines or in other brands. Why was it discontinued", {'entities': [(446, 457, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I cannot find the Raisin shade of Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer in stores. I've tried several shades in this product line, and Raisin suits me best. I've recommended it to several friends and they love it, too. Please bring it back to stores for ease of purchase.", {'entities': [(34, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this stuff is awesome. I can not wear any other kind of lipstick, this is it! however, MY color (coffee) seems to have disappeared! I am freaking out about this, because I bought a ton of them a few years back and now I am almost out!! Burt's Bees, if you're reading this, PLEAAASEE bring back the coffee color! If it didn't sell well its because it wasn't actually the color of coffee at all! (this is my only problem with these- all the color names are inaccurate!) OR if you still have any of them left I will buy them ALL from you- PLEAASE!", {'entities': [(236, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer! Before I began using this product my lips peeled constantly and felt sore. I continually chewed on them trying to remove the rough, peeling layer. After trying many things, I found your medicated lip balm which began the healing process. Then I threw out all of my lipsticks and have used your Lip Shimmer (Rhubarb or Raisin) ever since! I love all of your products but your Lip Shimmer has been remarkable. I have not had anymore problems since I began using your products! I wish you made face makeup too!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Who would think to combine Burt's Bees amazing lip balm formula with a gorgeous shimmery color Whoever did think of it I wanna thank them personally!!! I am obsessed with BB and I was never too into the idea of the shimmer until recently and I am in love. So far I own Rhubarb, Watermelon, Caramel, Peony, Radiance and Champagne. Rhubarb is not my favorite honestly, I have very fair skin and very light thin lips and it just makes me look like I'm wearing too much red lipstick. Watermelon is a very nice sheer pink which looks good with almost anything I wear! Caramel is a BEAUTIFUL peachy color with a very pretty fine shimmer. Peony looks the best on me, it's a lighter pink with barely any shimmer at all but that just accentuates my natural lip color. I adore Radiance because it's such a pretty clear with lots of shimmer and it looks great! Champagne looks a lot like Radiance except it's just a tad bit pinker which is pretty. I'd love to try Guava in the near future because it looks like such a pretty pink! Another amazing product! 5 Stars BB!!!", {'entities': [(27, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There are some things worth having in multiples great shoes, great friends, and great lip gloss. Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer is certainly worth buying in two or three at a time. Start with a great price and availability in many stores, add to this a wonderful selection of colors that can be worn alone or mixed for an custom look, and then, ahhh - the look, the feel, the smell! Yummy! Your lips will love the treat of this all natural glaze of color. Your friends will ask - what lipstick do you use, it looks so natural and not painted on. You will feel and know the difference using a beauty product made by a company that always has been socially and environmentally responsible is, simply, a wonderful thing. And when, sadly, you get to the bottom of the tube - it is totally recyclable. But fret no, you bought multiples! Yes, good things come in multiples and Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer should always be one of them.", {'entities': [(97, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Burt's Bees since the late 90's have used their lip shimmer for years now. I love it so that I like it better than department/drug store other more expensive natural lip shimmers. I love the long lasting power as it stays on practically all day long which is amazing. I like the subtle natural peppermint flavor how they plump my lips naturally. The variety of shades are amazing! Although I don't wear Cocoa, I was happy to see it back for the huge fan base it has b/c the shade's so rich elegant. I've been wearing 3 shades loyally for as long as Burt's came out w/ their lip shimmer line. I alternate daily between FIG RAISIN, MY ABSOLUTE FAVORITES WEAR RHUBARB WHEN I feel like wearing something brighter. Rhubarb's a great shade on pale skin also w/ a tan. RAISIN FIG look great too. Please don't ever get rid of RAISIN, FIG RHUBARB as their my daily go to shades can't find any other shades or shimmers that come close to these fabulous little gems! I also like how slender the tubes are which makes application so much easier! Thanks Burt's! :)", {'entities': [(16, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have to say that ever since I first tried them, Burt's Bees lip shimmers have been at the top of my list of favorite lip products. I love that their size makes them easy to apply without getting them everywhere on my face. The small tip of the shimmer fits perfectly on my lips for easy application. Also, not only do they come in beautiful colors with the perfect amount of shimmer, they also are slightly minty and very hydrating, so you get the benefit of lip balm and color all in one! My personal favorite at the moment is the shade Peony. It's been my everyday go-to lip product for almost a year now and it compliments the color of my lips so well because it is a similiar shade. This makes it so that it is not too obnoxious and bold, yet still very pretty. I love that the shade can be worn formally or casually! I would highly reccomend this product!", {'entities': [(50, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought two shades of this great product, and I am greatly pleased! After a few days, my lips felt healthier and smoother even when I wasn't wearing the product. I have never tried a product from this company that I haven't liked. WTG Burt's Bees! Natural skin care and cosmetics that are actually AFFORDABLE! Who'd a thunk it P.S. Ladies, Cocoa is not coming back. When a company discontinues something, it's gone. The shade is available on many different shopping websites, so please go check. Colors of most cosmetic lines change with the seasons and fashions. Every one of us knows this, and, at one time or another has lost a favorite color or product.", {'entities': [(236, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer for years. My favorite way to use them is to combine Champagne and Toffee together. Great combo in my opinion. When my local stores stopped selling Toffee I was relieved to find it online. I sincerely hope they don't discontinue this color. Lip shimmer is just enough color, shine and moisturizer that it keeps my lips soft, smooth, and shimmery all day long. I just re-apply after lunch and dinner. Easy as that. Love the fresh, minty scent, too. (I also use the Beeswax Lip Balm with peppermint oil after brushing, before bed -- there's nothing waxy about it, and I wake up with totally soft lips - Love it!)", {'entities': [(16, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am begging with you to please bring back your Cocoa Lip Shimmer! I am allergic to all lip products other than Burt's Bees and Cocoa is really the only color that looks good on me! My lips tend to change the color of lip sticks and Cocoa always remained the same. As other reviewers have stated, Cocoa is never on the shelves and I have a few friends who only wear Cocoa, too. When we find it, we buy it for each other! Please bring this color back...I bought the Plum...no turns to pink. I bought Cherry...no way....I bought Watermelon...uh, no again. So, I guess I will not be buying Burt's Bees. And, I WANT TO! Help me purchase your product!", {'entities': [(112, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love fig and watermelon shades. Fig lasts super long on my lips and it gives it a good color. It looks like red lipstick, except i don't have to worry about it getting on my teeth! Watermelon is lighter and gives my lips a more natural look to them, but keeps them in good shape:) Overall, I would reccomend the fig and watermelon shades, but the product is super mouisturizing. It acts like a regular Burt's Bees peppermint chapstick, except the fact that it comes in a variety of radiant colors:) it also has that same pepperminty tingle that the chapstick does when you use it, and is just like one. BUY IT!!", {'entities': [(404, 415, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love these lip shimmers! For my wedding I wore Burt's Bees Lip Shimmer in Peony, a beautiful peachy pink color (I specifically bought it for my wedding). I also own Nutmeg which is a bit of a coral pink color. I did my own make up for my wedding and this product was perfect! It gave just enough color and shimmer on my lips to give me a naturally beautiful wedding look and kept my lips moisturized (plus I love the tingly mint feeling). I highly recommend these lip shimmers. The colors are great and can be sheer or full depending on application, they don't dry out lips, they feel light, don't rub off too easily, they smell great and seem to last for a while, all for a good price. And if you're bride doing your own make up and want something light and natural, they're worth trying.", {'entities': [(56, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have the Merlot Rhubarb lip shimmers from Burt's Bees. I think I'm addicted to them, they are soooooooo good!!! I have a very pale, yellowish-ivory complextion, my eyes are honey-brown. My natural hair color used to be very dark brown (sometimes it looked black) it would sometimes get a reddish tint if I went in the sun. Now my hair is almost all silver and the back is salt-n-pepper. The Merlot looks just like wine is dramatic looks really good when I want to dress up. The Rhubarb is a soft kind of rosey-pink that looks really natural for everyday wear. They protect, moisturize you can feel the tingle of healing all the time adding color. I also have Burt's Bees Lifguard's Choice Waterproof Sun/Snow lip balm. That one leaves your lips white-ish like the 1960's lipsticks that were popular when I was a teenager. I have been living in NC for 6 yrs. and only wished I started to use them sooner than that. Their products are natural, help the enviornment, they are in my same transplanted state, help the economy work. Hey Burt's Bees please make them in a traditional lipstick packaging!!!!!! Love your products!!!!!! NC, EVERYWHERE, buy from this company!!!!! They are great!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(44, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently just bought this, without reading reviews and everything. I have used the normal Chapstick brand for years but I really wanted lip gloss or a lip stick at the same time because I feel like my lip color is too boring. I was always interested in this because of all the colors in the store and that Burt's Bees was natural. I bought this in Cherry. The first time I wore this, my friend was just in love with the color on me and I was so happy. That was the first time I wore it in public. It provides enough color that is satisfying and the moisture and hydration is WONDERFUL. There is some color transfer but of course I reapply it after I eat and after 2-3 hours, but you can feel the moisture. I love it so much. I'm hoping to get Plum, Fig, and Champagne soon.", {'entities': [(308, 319, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I came to the website to email Burt's Bees about Cocoa...to ask whether there was any chance it might be brought back and also to find out what shade might be close. I've wasted money on two other colors, trying to find something else I like, with no success. I thought I must have been part of a small minority of people who really loved this shade. But now after seeing all the reviews, I see that I AM NOT ALONE!!! When it was discontinued, I purchased a few tubes from somebody on eBay. Now the eBay sharks are charging CRAZY amounts of for it - not that I can blame them. It's the law of supply of demand. Why doesn't Burt's Bees want our business Clearly there were A LOT of us buying this shade. Please, please hear our pleas and bring back Cocoa.", {'entities': [(31, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I read a lot of reviews of women complaining that they will discontinue using Burt's Bees because Cocoa has been discontinued...and to discontinue using this product just because Cocoa was discontinued is blasphemous. These lip shimmers are amazing. The product itself is very moisturizing and gives a nice slight tingle. I have purchased every single color of the lip shimmers and am happy to say that I do use them all haha. The color selection is great there's a color for each occasion. Caramel, Peony, and Radiance are great for really casual days or a natural look. Rhubarb provides a nice red lip, an increasingly popular trend. I truly can't say enough good things about not only this product, but the entire Burt's Bees line.", {'entities': [(78, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's Fall and time to bring back Raisin. Raisin, Cherry and Fig are my go to colors in the Fall. The shimmers are great. I can keep my lips healthy and have color too. I can't wear normal lipsticks so the lip shimmers have been a life saver. I get asked all the time where do I get my lipstick. They are shocked to learn it's Burt'sBees. Can you add a sun block to them That would make it 100 perfect. Thanks, Burt's Bees", {'entities': [(410, 421, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Very very very unhappy that you do not have lip shimmer in cocoa anymore. How disappointing to not be able to find this color. I have used this color for a very long time and can't believe you got rid of it. All the new colors do not match my skin tone and I do not like any of them. The color cocoa was perfect for me. Please please bring it back and I will buy 10 at a time just so I will have that color. Companies do this all the time and I don't understand why they do this when the product is selling well. I am one very unhappy Burt's Bees customer.This is the only product I bought from your line so I guess I am done with your lip shimmer. So very sad! Debbie", {'entities': [(535, 546, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees is an incredibly moisturizing lip balm/shimmer/gloss! Usually anything this moisturizing does not have the amount of color that this has. My lips feel so good after wearing this all day, but it looks as good as lipstick! It isn't sticky or smell bad like a lot of lip glosses, either. It has no taste (no strawberry, for example). I think I am one of the last holdouts to try Burt's Bees, but now I am a believer! I highly recommend it.", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have found this to be the perfect product for both the health, and cuteness of my lips--both of which are very important to me. Love the tingle, love the shimmer, love the hint of color. I was afraid the watermelon would be too dark for me, but no, it is really gorgeous. if you want something with a mauve tone, but without frost, this is the one. It is not as dark as the cap makes it look. Champagne is the one I use most often, as its very subtle, and almost a non-color, for when you want a natural look. My other favorite is peony. Love the toffee, too, but it seems they've stopped making it. Plum and caramel I need to sort of dab on lightly, but I think would be gorgeous on someone with a darker complexion. Guava--while I love the color--is a bit frosty for my taste, and since I've heard the same said about the strawberry, I have not added that to my collection. I would like if Burt's Bees would come out with a light pink that is not frosty, so I hope that they are reading this. P", {'entities': [(894, 905, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's a shame that I've been having so much trouble finding Burt's Bees Cocoa Lip Shimmer in supermarkets lately, because this is by far my favorite color in the set. It seems to have been replaced by Plum, which is a much more orangey-red and doesn't go to well with my skin tone... Oh well. All the lip shimmers are great products and (I think) superior alternatives to lipstick - they show up differently on everybody (skin tone seems to play an important role in this), but once you find your color, you will have a lip product with natural and understated, yet noticeable, hue. It is not nearly as thick and pasty as lipstick, and has a great mint flavor and scent which allows you to surreptitiously lick it off if need be. The Cocoa shade has a purplish-gray, almost metallic look to it when applied. It doesn't look nearly as gaudy as I'm making it sound, and the color works very well for me, a pale, dark-eyed brunette.There are a couple disadvantages to the product: It is very slick and will never dry or solidify on the lips, which means that it is just as liable to rub off onto your teeth and hands an hour after application as it is a few minutes after and something about the texture greatly enhances every flaw in the skin of your lips as you rub them together, which means that every single biteable nub that you never noticed before is going to be screaming for your attention until you take care of it. The Lip Shimmer is also stupidly expensive for less than an ounce of product, but this is Burt's Bees, after all. Overall, if you are an infrequent makeup wearer or not fond of lipstick for most of the obvious reasons (terrible taste/smell, gaudy shades), this is a great alternative to achieve some slightly subdued lip color - but if you are an everyday wearer, you might try to find something a little less expensive.", {'entities': [(59, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this color. I so wish Burt's Bees would it back to the stores. I'm glad I can still purchase it online though.", {'entities': [(29, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love the Burt's Bees line especially the cocoa shade lip shimmer. Great shade, minty feel, and natural look!", {'entities': [(22, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees is an incredibly moisturizing lip balm/shimmer/gloss! Usually anything this moisturizing does not have the amount of color that this has. My lips feel so good after wearing this all day, but it looks as good as lipstick! It isn't sticky or smell bad like a lot of lip glosses, either. It has no taste (no strawberry, for example). I think I am one of the last holdouts to try Burt's Bees, but now I am a believer! I highly recommend it.", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great product! I can't find this color, Cocoa, in the stores anymore so I ordered 2 four packs. I am SO happy to have a new supply. SO happy to have my Cocoa Burt's Bees shimmer once again. Smooth, light, shimmery...perfect for summer time...or anytime. I don't wear a lot of makeup so I like it because it looks good if I head out to the gym with just my lip shimmer on or have on some mascara and bronzer too. LOVE IT!!!", {'entities': [(158, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Burt's Bees lip shimmer in Cocoa is another good Buts Bees product - I appreciate that something is made for the lips with some color, shimmer and class that my lips can tolerate. Thank goodness for Burt's bees!", {'entities': [(0, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this from Amazon when I discovered Burts Bees quit making it a part of their line. WHY I have no idea! I see comment after comment on various social media sights and on their site itself asking why Burt's Bees will not continue to make this shade. It's as if they ignore all of the hype. Anyway, it is/was a superior product. What a shame!", {'entities': [(207, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my favorite lip product have been very disappointed that Burt's Bees as discontinued this color. So, I was VERY excited to find it through Amazon at a very reasonable price. The products were exactly as described shipped very quickly.", {'entities': [(65, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.", {'entities': [(80, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.", {'entities': [(80, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought this would help my hands that always dry out so easily - it says it's Burt's Bees Ultimate Care Hand Cream right on the tube, after all. It didn't. My hands ended up flaking & peeling with this stuff. Other Burt's Bees hand creams have worked wonders for me, but not this.", {'entities': [(80, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently fell and broke my ankle in three places. After surgery and cast removal my skin was very dry. I began using Burt's Bees Ultimate Hand Cream on my leg and foot and was amazed at how it moisturized my skin. I am very allergic to most scents and was so happy that this product has such a clean and subtle scent. I highly recommend it.", {'entities': [(119, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Harsh winters in Maine are tough on skin and hands especially take a beating. Burt's Bees Hand Cream kept my hands smooth and soft. I give a tube to my friends and family for Christmas and birthdays no matter where they live! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Harsh winters in Maine are tough on skin and hands especially take a beating. Burt's Bees Hand Cream kept my hands smooth and soft. I give a tube to my friends and family for Christmas and birthdays no matter where they live!", {'entities': [(78, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a house built in the 1950's in Denver. Between our dry climate and the floors being original, they were in really rough shape. Very dried out and worn. I really didnt want to go through the hassle of moving all my stuff and the cost of replacing them but had to do something. I researched numerous products and methods for a while and decided to start cheap and roll the dice. After reading several reviews on this SC Johnson product it seemed to give most people good results and heck, for less than $7 why not right?! .. Well fast forward a few hours and some sticky hands and some throw away rags, MY FLOORS LOOK AWESOME!! Keeping in mind that they were in really bad shape to begin with they certainly don't look brand new but, what an improvement!. There is a shine to them I have never seen since I got the house last year and I'm trilled with the results. I did 2 coats for most of the house and 3 coats on the high traffic areas. Application was very easy and dried within 20 minutes per application. I HIGHLY recommend this product.", {'entities': [(422, 432, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Simple Green for years and been happy with its cleaning ability and comfortable with its environmental friendliness.', {'entities': [(12, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Simple Green is simply the best all around cleaner/degreaser I've ever used. This bottle is a decent size to ensure your spray bottles stay full. The price was very good too!", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Simple Green since 1982, I never knew it came in a concentrate! This is an awesome cleaner, using it as directed/diluted. It will clean better than your everyday household cleaners, biodegradable and nontoxic! Use a few ounces in your greasy, grimy clothes and the grease/oil disappears! Use it full strength and you can degrease your barbeque grill or car engine! You're getting such a multi purpose cleaner! You get a ton of bangs for your buck!! One other advantage, it smells decent no overbearing, noxious fumes!!! Don't want to buy a 67oz. container to clean your grill??? Try the Simple Green Barbeque grill cleaner! It comes in an easy to use spray can!!!!", {'entities': [(16, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of Mrs. Meyer's Lavender scent boosters. Overall, I really liked the scent of the product prior to adding it to the laundry. It had the scent of lavender as soon as I opened the package. When added to my laundry, it had a faint smell of the lavender scent on the clothing/sheets after they went through the wash. Very nice for bed sheets for calming when going to sleep!", {'entities': [(28, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was sent a free sample in order to try the product. I LOVE this product! First, I think Mrs. Meyer's is a fantastic brand to begin with. I believe in the high quality of their items and love the lack of chemicals and other irritants. My family uses essential oils in our daily life, so being able to bring lavender into our rooms in another form is a great alternative, it has such wonderful health benefits. I tried the laundry booster in every type of load of laundry. My favorite was of course our sheets and towels where we are literally rubbing ourselves on the product. We had no issues with the booster either physically or with it causing problems on the fabrics. I will continue to use this on a regular basis. I used one whole bottle in about a month worth of washes (I have a family of four with two elementary-aged children). Just as an added benefit, my laundry room has never smelled so good (which is great where there are sweaty workout clothes in there all the time).", {'entities': [(90, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was sent a free sample in order to try the product. I LOVE this product! First, I think Mrs. Meyer's is a fantastic brand to begin with. I believe in the high quality of their items and love the lack of chemicals and other irritants. My family uses essential oils in our daily life, so being able to bring lavender into our rooms in another form is a great alternative, it has such wonderful health benefits. I tried the laundry booster in every type of load of laundry. My favorite was of course our sheets and towels where we are literally rubbing ourselves on the product. We had no issues with the booster either physically or with it causing problems on the fabrics. I will continue to use this on a regular basis. I used one whole bottle in about a month worth of washes (I have a family of four with two elementary-aged children). Just as an added benefit, my laundry room has never smelled so good (which is great where there are sweaty workout clothes in there all the time).", {'entities': [(90, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this scrub to clean my kitchen sink and dish drainer. It cleans without scratching and afterwards my sink gleams like the sunshine. The only complaint I have is after closing up the lid, powder remains all over the top. I transferred mine to an old parm cheese containter with the flip-top lid with shaker holes. Perhaps in the future Mrs. Meyer's might consider revamping the lid.", {'entities': [(341, 353, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The shower stall had some stains that would not come out with any other cleanser. I even tried Ajax with bleach, but it did not work. Mrs. Meyer's removed the stains when I followed the simple instructions.", {'entities': [(134, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Sunflower scent and was truly devastated when the counter spray in this scent was discontinued. Lemon Verbena and Lavender are nice, but Sunflower was just that much more perfect. I live on a farm with real honeysuckle everywhere and the plants smell heavenly. Mrs. Meyer's Honeysuckle is just too much - as is Peony and Lilac. Kind of trashy! But Sunflower scent is the ultimate subtle summery scent. It is just a little bit of citronella with fruit loops in there too. It is my childhood summers in a bottle. Please, please, please, PLEASE consider bringing it back in the counter spray! Thank you!!!!", {'entities': [(268, 280, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this on sale from best buy. Haven't got chance to use this yet. But I am sure it works great I have other Cuisinart electric kitchen items and they all are great and reasonable price.", {'entities': [(115, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Everyone said get the Breville, but I've seen that one in action and this one is no different plus comes with a great warranty. Easy to use, easy to clean. And Cuisinart is an established company so they will be around for parts.", {'entities': [(160, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bought this juicer at Christmas and got a very good deal on it. I had looked at other juciers, but the price and the Cuisinart name made the selection easier. This juicer is quiet and dependable. I have been having fun trying new juices and working in the kitchen with my wife.Hope this helps.', {'entities': [(117, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I may be partial to Cuisinart products, but this is a well put together juicer that gets the job done! It's very powerful and has 5-speed settings. The juicer is easy to disassemble and the parts are easy to clean. The features on the unit make it very attractive for the price. I have used the Jack L's juicer but the Cuisinart is a superior product.", {'entities': [(20, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My 2 main concerns when buying a juicer were power and ease of cleanup. This unit has both in full force. As a 'retired' professional chef, I was skeptical of any home juicer being able to do what I knew it was supposed to do, so it took me a while to pull the trigger. Went with the Cuisinart, mainly because of reviews and the larger than most motor. Have used it 30-40 times so far and I love it", {'entities': [(284, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't had a juicer in about 5 years my last one was hard to clean and didn't extract juice very well. Decided on juicing again and saw the Cuisinart on the shelf and for the price I thought it would be a good deal to try. After a quick stop at the local farmers market I came home and unboxed the juicer and was a bit suprise at it's simple design and moments later i was juicing. In short i under estimated how much juice it was going to extract and ended up with too much fresh juice on my hands!I love this juicer and highly recommend for its efficiency and ease of use and cleaning.", {'entities': [(143, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was torn between Cuisinart and Breville. I am glad that I chose this one. Excellent price and it's performance is great. We like it a lot.", {'entities': [(19, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Simple piece that connects to the back of Cuisinart Juicer. Easy to use lock into place and is ready for use.', {'entities': [(42, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought this after deciding I wanted to change my diet and juice for a bit. Friend had an older version Cuisinart and liked theirs. I researched it, compared it and decided to buy it. Brought in a price match from Amazon and the salesperson, Victor, said he could match it and checked to see if he could find a lower price than I presented to him, he did! Now, for the juicer itself. This thing is amazing! It JUICES, powerful motor, quiet (read some reviews that complained it was too loud,NOPE!) It really juices, separates quickly and efficiently. Clean up was slow the first time but now I have it down, takes 5-10 minutes tops( another complaint I read). 5 speeds for different juicing needs, you don't need it at 5 to juice blueberries, more like 2, you get the idea for the different speeds. I've juiced watermelon with the rind with no issues at all. If you're considering juicing this one is priced great (I got it for 103 plus taxes). You won't be sorry for buying this juicer.....", {'entities': [(103, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a Jack Lalaine juicer for several years and it recently died. I loved that juicer so I was worried about purchasing a different brand. Well I was not disappointed! The Cuisinart cleans much easier, which anyone that juices daily understands that is not fun. It produces just as much juice and is much quieter. I would definitely recommend this product.', {'entities': [(174, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a faithful and ecstatic fan of Iman for her line of makeup and curtains, however this product was a great disappointment. : ( It was disappointing because it is so easy to carry around its virtually invisible, its the size of a lipstick and its at a great economical price but its so hard to apply, its hard to smooth on evenly over your face and it does not come with an applicator. I guess this product was named Iman clay makeup because it literally feels like you are smoothing clay onto your face and that isn't something I was looking forward to.", {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was excited to try this foundation considering the good reviews and Iman has several different shades to choose from for women of color. I really wanted to like this product but I didnt for many reasons. First of all I bought this one shade too light in Clay 5 and I found out that my shade is an Earth 1. Secondly, it broke me out. I do not think this kind of foundation is meant for somebody with Oily skin such as myself, but I tried Iman's semi loose powder for my other foundations and I have to say that I love it! the powder is great for oil control and it goes on smooth. If you are somebody with normal/Dry skin, then I would recommend this product for you.", {'entities': [(70, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My skin has yellow undertones, and it is so hard to find a foundation that perfectly blends into my face as well as the rest of my body. No more weird pink tinges and foundation masks after I found this product! I'm used to spending 50 for fancy department store foundation but now I can buy Iman's foundation stick in Sand 3 for less than 15 for practically the same quality and coverage. It is easy to apply: rub some of the stick onto your first three fingertips on one hand, then rub your finger tips together with opposite hand to warm the foundation a bit so it will blend easier on the face. Pat lightly onto parts of face you want the most coverage (for me, my T-zone and around the mouth/chin) then blend into the rest of face. I've had no bad reactions nor break outs with this product either. The reason why my title says Almost Perfect is because there are is a downside I have experienced with this foundation...there is transferring even when I use powder and MAC fix+ to set. I noticed they use added minerals, basically making this a type of mineral make-up and my skin does not go well with mineral make-up. The foundation tends to sit on my face and if I am not careful, I will leave make-up stains on clothing and objects. This is avoidable by not rubbing your face on stuff. If this foundation stick could stick to my skin and nowhere else, then this would be my holy grail. However, for the price, color-match, and blend-ability, it is definitely a keeper!", {'entities': [(292, 296, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have eczema on my face and my skin is really sensitive to most makeups. I did alto of research on different products and found that Iman cosmetics was one of the few that had few and far between bad reviews. When I saw the price on walmart i figured I couldn't go wrong trying it, Ive had it for about two months now and It is a fantastic product, I barely use any more than three swipes and it covers my entire face and my dark under eyes are virtually gone! It blends really well and is very light weight with hardly any wipe off I defiantly will buy it again the next time i run out.", {'entities': [(134, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bounce smell. good', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was using liquid fabric softener but change to Bounce. I like the fresh linen fragrance but granddaughter bought a different fragrance that I like better. Not sure what it was (I will have to ask her) and am going to buy it next time.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We've used Bounce for years, it does an excellent job in the dryer and later in drawers to keep things selling fresh. Never had an allergy issue with Bounce, the scent isn't overpowering but rather it's just enough. Additionally, the convenience of buying the larger size and having it shipped to our residence keeps us from last minute runs to the store.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always count on Bounce to make clothes smell great.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bounce-Great smell..Use it in drawers, vents and the dryer. Gotta find a coupon to help save money...Highly recommend!!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('just wonted to say how fresh everything is good job Bounce :) About to try the bar next', {'entities': [(52, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Bounce. I remember it from when I was younger. It smelled really good then too. The clothes come out smelling fresh without the static. I definitely recommend it.', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Bounce Dryer Sheets. I keep being told by my coworkers that I can do a commercial since my clothes always smell clean and fresh.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Well, we already know bounce makes great dryer sheets for your clothes. I just recently learned of a few more uses for them. Put one under your car seat to make your car smell great. Use them to dust. Use them to clean your tub and toilet, no cleansers or scrubbing required! Put them in your dresser drawers and closet for a fresh smell. Put one inside your pillow case, I swear it makes me sleep better! Hang one from your pocket when you're outside to repel insects. Rub one over your hair when you're having static flyaways. I love Bounce!", {'entities': [(536, 542, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I do a lot of resaling my clothes. I recently sold a top and washed it before I sent it. I use a Bounce dryer sheet in my dryer and the lady who bought my top emailed me and wanted to know what kind of perfume I had sprayed the top with. I told her what I used and she said she was going to the store and buy some of them. I use them everytime I use my dryer. I even put them in our drawers so our undergarments smell fresh. I love Bounce dryer sheets!!', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I keep trying other fabric softener sheets and keep coming back to bounce every single time. It's just a great product that has never let me down. For me it has a just right scent not overpowering just fresh...although I would not complain if Bounce had a choice of scents!", {'entities': [(243, 249, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bounce clean linen leaves clothes with a light fresh scent. This is good for people with allergies.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unfortunately this L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is not my favorite product. I used it in combination with the Serum and the Daily Facial Moisturizer from the same line. First of all, I found it difficult to understand the order I should use the products. After much reading, I think I figured it out. I used this deep moisturizer every night for a week because I was trying to I've myself time to adjust. But that's all I could handle. It made my skin feel irritated and hot for a few hours after application. Also, the smell, although not unpleasant, was too strong for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unfortunately this L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is not my favorite product. I used it in combination with the Serum and the Daily Facial Moisturizer from the same line. First of all, I found it difficult to understand the order I should use the products. After much reading, I think I figured it out. I used this deep moisturizer every night for a week because I was trying to I've myself time to adjust. But that's all I could handle. It made my skin feel irritated and hot for a few hours after application. Also, the smell, although not unpleasant, was too strong for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Serum in this line I have to say I really did not care for this moisturizer. It feels great going on the skin, but is way over fragranced and does not have any sunscreen in it. While packaging is marked for daytime and nighttime use I would not use during day because of lack of SPF. Loreal uses almost same fragrance in a lot of it's cosmetic items. This one just has too much of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in evenings after applying the RevitaLift Serum for the past two weeks. I initially tried using the moisturizer in the mornings, but I found it to bee too heavy for my skin, and also seemed to flake away. I'm not sure how else to explain it, except that when applying my makeup there were little clumps that seemed to flake off. The moisturizer itself is a nice product, other than the horrible perfume smell. Compared to the other RevitaLift products, this one has the strongest perfume smell that does not seem necessary for a skin care product. Despite the perfume, the moisturizer did not cause any irritation or redness to my sensitive skin. The red glass jar gave the product an expensive feel and was easy to use to apply the product. After two weeks, I do feel like my skin is well moisturized and I may be imagining it, but the faint lines in my forehead seem less noticeable. I am not sure if it is due to the moisturizer, or the moisturizer used in combination with other RevitaLift products by L'Oreal. Overall, I will use what I have left of the moisturizer, but would not purchase another jar. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Serum in this line I have to say I really did not care for this moisturizer. It feels great going on the skin, but is way over fragranced and does not have any sunscreen in it. While packaging is marked for daytime and nighttime use I would not use during day because of lack of SPF. Loreal uses almost same fragrance in a lot of it's cosmetic items. This one just has too much of it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Note: I've only used this product for two weeks, so there's a chance that continued usage would produce different results. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job of adding long-lasting moisture to my skin - but I learned that a little of this product goes a *long* way. I honestly couldn't imagine using this as anything other than a night cream, as the formula is too heavy for my skin (sensitive/dry in the cooler months, sensitive/slightly oily during warmer months). When I began using the product, I applied too much on the first two days of usage - and noticed a slight outbreak of small pimples on areas of my skin which are naturally oilier than the rest. The outbreaks cleared, however, once I adjusted the amount of product I applied. Because such a small amount is needed for full facial coverage, I can see this product lasting a very long time. While its formula is rich, it still absorbed rather quickly (although I had to do a fair bit of massaging into my skin) and only left a slightly dewy appearance on my skin. The serum is lightly scented with a fragrance which is unlikely to be offensive to most users (it reminded me of a non-powdery/floral shampoo), and its scent quickly evaporated. The scent was almost identical to other products within the RevitaLift line. Its light scent was helpful considering that I only used this product before going to bed, and dislike having heavy fragrances lingering on my skin at that point. After several days of usage, I noticed that my skin was softer than usual upon awakening, and that problem spots for dryness (such as the area around my lips) were still somewhat moisturized after 8-10 hours. Given that I've experienced no adverse effects from using the moisturizer, I'm looking forward to finishing my current jar - and then re-evaluating my skin to see if enough improvements have occurred to warrant a new purchase. I can definitely see my using this as a winter night cream - especially on my dcolletage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(127, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After recieving as a sample I thought I would like L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Action Mosturizer as I am a fan of L'Oreal products. It smells great and does not feel stick when applying but towards the end on my day my skin became very oily and because I have already combination skin I didnt like how it felt. I don't recommend it for oily skin as it might cause skin to feel more oily. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(51, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just wrapping up my first week of using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It feels a little heavy compared to some others I have used in the past but goes on real smooth and doesn't stay heavy. The scent is a bit much as well but doesn't last long either. The moisturizer works well, as the colder windier weather is starting to hit and I haven't had any issues with dryness. I'm only on my first week, so nothing really to report as far as reducing fine lines and wrinkles. Yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RivitaLift Triple Power Deep acting Facial Moisturizer. I used it every night and some mornings for just over 2 weeks so far. I like the light scent. It leaves a non-greasy feel. It absorbs great. I have not noticed a change in my skin as of today. I hope to see smoother and younger looking skin as I continue to use the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that L'Oreal Paris's RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is super thick! I mean it totally moisturizes. I felt like it worked in to my skin easily. But I only felt comfortable putting this on at night because it is a thicker cream. After one application of rubbing it in all over my face and neck as prescribed, I woke up the next morning with quite a few zits along my jaw line... where I don't normally get break outs. Now I could have just not worked it in well enough... But I am leary since I don't want to have to worry about acne. So I will have to keep testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer daily for 2 weeks in conjunction with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 and my skin seemed very smooth at first, but after the first week I had some acne appearing. I used each product by itself and think the culprit was the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I have normal to dry skin and don't break out often, so I was a little bummed out that this product seemed to have that kind of reaction to my skin, almost making it too moist. I rated it at 3 stars because, while it didn't seem to work long term for me, the immediate results after a day of use were noticeable and positive. I liked the smell and consistency of the moisturizer and the packaging is very appealing in a ark shade of red. I don't have any wrinkles, so I can't speak for the wrinkle fighting power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for close to 2 weeks now. I use it every night after washing my face and applying the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. This moisturizer is rich and creamy. My one critic is that after applying, my face itself feels like it's wearing foundation or heavy make-up. However, to the touch, my skin feels silky and not at all greasy. A little certainly goes a long way with this product. Since starting this cream, my skin has been so much more hydrated and the texture is definitely better. I feel like this will be a great addition to my skincare routine as we enter these colder and drier months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer made my skin smooth and soft. I did notice however that it only temporarily plumped wrinkles but soon they reappeared. I don't have many wrinkles however so this wasn't too much of a bother. It comes in a jar which is probably why this occurred as beneficial ingredients diminish once the jar is open. It feels luxurious on the skin and has a wonderful smell but again fragrance ingredients are known to cause irritation and the preservative methylisothiazolinone. It visibly brightened and smoothed my skin however it felt pretty heavy on my skin and left it somewhat shiny. It is best used lightly. It is great for all to use except for those with allergies to to fragrance or if you are looking to control sagging of the skin or lifting of contours. It is a nice skin moisturizer but it wan't much different from other moisturizers I've used in the past except for the wonderful smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So far I think that I have a favorable opinion of the L'Oreal Revitalift products. But I honestly don't think I've had enough time to try then talk. Things I like about the product Containers are easy to use, not messy. Products have a lovely scent. All three products: L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment (1.0 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 (1.7 oz) have a beautiful feel when applying. I really like that there is no residual and/or oily feeling. The only negative (not even sure it's a negative because I'm not sure if it's because I've only had a short period of time to try) I have is that after applying my skin seems to be peeling a bit. I'm not sure if this is because it is exfoliating the dead skin or an adverse reaction to the products. It has no other side affects, so I've continued to use. So far I haven't seen a reduction in wrinkles. I do feel that my skin feels and looks smoother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(270, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just wrapping up my first week of using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It feels a little heavy compared to some others I have used in the past but goes on real smooth and doesn't stay heavy. The scent is a bit much as well but doesn't last long either. The moisturizer works well, as the colder windier weather is starting to hit and I haven't had any issues with dryness. I'm only on my first week, so nothing really to report as far as reducing fine lines and wrinkles. Yet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for close to 2 weeks now. I use it every night after washing my face and applying the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. This moisturizer is rich and creamy. My one critic is that after applying, my face itself feels like it's wearing foundation or heavy make-up. However, to the touch, my skin feels silky and not at all greasy. A little certainly goes a long way with this product. Since starting this cream, my skin has been so much more hydrated and the texture is definitely better. I feel like this will be a great addition to my skincare routine as we enter these colder and drier months. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer daily for 2 weeks in conjunction with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 and my skin seemed very smooth at first, but after the first week I had some acne appearing. I used each product by itself and think the culprit was the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I have normal to dry skin and don't break out often, so I was a little bummed out that this product seemed to have that kind of reaction to my skin, almost making it too moist. I rated it at 3 stars because, while it didn't seem to work long term for me, the immediate results after a day of use were noticeable and positive. I liked the smell and consistency of the moisturizer and the packaging is very appealing in a ark shade of red. I don't have any wrinkles, so I can't speak for the wrinkle fighting power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RivitaLift Triple Power Deep acting Facial Moisturizer. I used it every night and some mornings for just over 2 weeks so far. I like the light scent. It leaves a non-greasy feel. It absorbs great. I have not noticed a change in my skin as of today. I hope to see smoother and younger looking skin as I continue to use the products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer made my skin smooth and soft. I did notice however that it only temporarily plumped wrinkles but soon they reappeared. I don't have many wrinkles however so this wasn't too much of a bother. It comes in a jar which is probably why this occurred as beneficial ingredients diminish once the jar is open. It feels luxurious on the skin and has a wonderful smell but again fragrance ingredients are known to cause irritation and the preservative methylisothiazolinone. It visibly brightened and smoothed my skin however it felt pretty heavy on my skin and left it somewhat shiny. It is best used lightly. It is great for all to use except for those with allergies to to fragrance or if you are looking to control sagging of the skin or lifting of contours. It is a nice skin moisturizer but it wan't much different from other moisturizers I've used in the past except for the wonderful smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Note: I've only used this product for two weeks, so there's a chance that continued usage would produce different results. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job of adding long-lasting moisture to my skin - but I learned that a little of this product goes a *long* way. I honestly couldn't imagine using this as anything other than a night cream, as the formula is too heavy for my skin (sensitive/dry in the cooler months, sensitive/slightly oily during warmer months). When I began using the product, I applied too much on the first two days of usage - and noticed a slight outbreak of small pimples on areas of my skin which are naturally oilier than the rest. The outbreaks cleared, however, once I adjusted the amount of product I applied. Because such a small amount is needed for full facial coverage, I can see this product lasting a very long time. While its formula is rich, it still absorbed rather quickly (although I had to do a fair bit of massaging into my skin) and only left a slightly dewy appearance on my skin. The serum is lightly scented with a fragrance which is unlikely to be offensive to most users (it reminded me of a non-powdery/floral shampoo), and its scent quickly evaporated. The scent was almost identical to other products within the RevitaLift line. Its light scent was helpful considering that I only used this product before going to bed, and dislike having heavy fragrances lingering on my skin at that point. After several days of usage, I noticed that my skin was softer than usual upon awakening, and that problem spots for dryness (such as the area around my lips) were still somewhat moisturized after 8-10 hours. Given that I've experienced no adverse effects from using the moisturizer, I'm looking forward to finishing my current jar - and then re-evaluating my skin to see if enough improvements have occurred to warrant a new purchase. I can definitely see my using this as a winter night cream - especially on my dcolletage. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(127, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So far I think that I have a favorable opinion of the L'Oreal Revitalift products. But I honestly don't think I've had enough time to try then talk. Things I like about the product Containers are easy to use, not messy. Products have a lovely scent. All three products: L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment (1.0 oz) L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 (1.7 oz) have a beautiful feel when applying. I really like that there is no residual and/or oily feeling. The only negative (not even sure it's a negative because I'm not sure if it's because I've only had a short period of time to try) I have is that after applying my skin seems to be peeling a bit. I'm not sure if this is because it is exfoliating the dead skin or an adverse reaction to the products. It has no other side affects, so I've continued to use. So far I haven't seen a reduction in wrinkles. I do feel that my skin feels and looks smoother. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(270, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that L'Oreal Paris's RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is super thick! I mean it totally moisturizes. I felt like it worked in to my skin easily. But I only felt comfortable putting this on at night because it is a thicker cream. After one application of rubbing it in all over my face and neck as prescribed, I woke up the next morning with quite a few zits along my jaw line... where I don't normally get break outs. Now I could have just not worked it in well enough... But I am leary since I don't want to have to worry about acne. So I will have to keep testing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Though this cream isn't marketed for night-time use, I found that the evening is the best time for me to apply it. Because it is thick and rich, it is too heavy for day use on my combination skin. At night, though, it feels like a wonderful treat and leaves my skin looking and feeling soft and smooth in the morning. I'm so pleased with the entire L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift line! For a girl in her mid-thirties, I'm looking to keep my skin gorgeous for a long time and I know that work starts now. This protective, regenerative moisturizer is a great tool in that battle against wrinkles and spots!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(349, 362, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At 30 years old, I'm trying to care for my skin well but the combination of oily and dry makes it a bit of a challenge. L'Oreal Paris' RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is truly deep acting and moisturizing. It goes on smoothly without being too heavy, goopy, or sticky. After use, my winter-worn skin was tighter, smoother, and brighter- it just seemed happier and clearly better cared for. Because of my combination skin, I realized daily use was too much for me so I cut down to a couple times a week all over and daily use just on drier parts of my skin. I recommend this to everyone for occasional use, but definitely for those who have drier skin and need the deep moisturizing. I even use it on my hands! After a day of baking and frequent hand washing and outdoor work in cold weather, my hands were chapped, dry, and worn, I used the facial moisturizer on them before bed and, in addition to instantly feeling better, they were soft and rejuvenated in the morning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(120, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I also really enjoyed the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz). I saw dramatic results immediately and my complexion was more radiant than ever. I again was surprised by how non-greasy the formula was. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like the L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Facial Moisturizer! I have been using it both at night and in the mornings. I apply it under my makeup and my skin feels really soft and dewy. I like that my face doest feel dry anymore, especially during the fall months. The only reason I am not giving this product 4 stars is because it has a very perfumed smell that was hard to get passed. I would recommend this product to all women who need extra moisture during the fall months. It is also great under makeup which was my favorite part. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think L'Oreal Paris Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer is a decent product. I use it mostly during the day time before work in like how it keeps my face moisturize for hours. Thanks BzzAgent for the letting me try it out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had neglected my skin for a while and it had become dull n unhappy. I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment for 15 days now, my skin is already happy. It seems it has come back to life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the L'Oreal Paris revitalift triple power deep acting facial moisturizer is awesome. My dry face is now a healthy looking face. Thanks Bzz for giving me the opportunity to meet such an amazing moisturizer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! My skin is on the dry side and this product hydrated and absorbed beautifully! The only drawback I had was the scent was too strong but otherwise I love this product and the results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, feels light and moisturizing to skin. It has a shimmering effect that gives has you Feeling the Glow! I can't wait to see dark spot erased, with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment keep you posted on my results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried L'Oreal Paris Rivitalift Triple Power deep action moisturizer and found it to work very well at rejuvenating the look of my skin. The face looks and feels firmer and smoother. It's a great product and I would recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris Deep Acting Moisturizer for about a week now. I have dry and oily parts to my face. And now I don't thanks to L'Oreal. My face fells like it all belongs together. No more combination skin. My face feels smoother and looks firmer. The puffiness under my eyes has been reduced. I actually can't wait to see the differences in one more week. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for one week, my skin is feeling the effects. My skin is softer, and small dry patches have disappeared. The moisturizer smells good, and feels nice going on. It is not heavy, or watery, just right. I will definitely continue to use this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is so creamy and smooth going on, I worried I would break out from it. So far, so good. It's super moisturizing and has a nice light scent. I'm starting to see some improvements in my fine lines, so I hope to have good results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really liked this product from the moment I applied it to my face and neck. It was not greasy and a little went a long way. I used it with L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. I had a dry spot on the bridge of my nose and it went away with three days using both products. I have used it for three weeks and my skin feels great. Cannot say that my wrinkles have disappeared, but for 71, it has softened them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(141, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLife Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I'm used to a lighter type of moisturizer, so I found that a little of this product goes a long way. I was happy with the way this product moisturized my face. It went on smooth, with no greasy feel. It also absorbed into my skin quickly and left a smooth finish. I would recommend this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is similar to other overnight moisturizers I have tried a bit heavy. I used this with the serum at night and needed to give my face extra time to dry. The results were good with my forehead wrinkles not showing up as much. The scent was pleasant and did not feel it was overpowering. This product will be found in my future shopping cart. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power system for 1 1/2 weeks now. I have noticed a great improvement in the moisture and brightness of my skin. My skin is soft all day long and my makeup goes on smoother after applying the serum and moisturizers. I have not noticed much of a difference in fine lines but I didn't have many to begin with. Also, these products have a nice, light fragrance. I would continue to use these products, especially the Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like the L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Facial Moisturizer! I have been using it both at night and in the mornings. I apply it under my makeup and my skin feels really soft and dewy. I like that my face doest feel dry anymore, especially during the fall months. The only reason I am not giving this product 4 stars is because it has a very perfumed smell that was hard to get passed. I would recommend this product to all women who need extra moisture during the fall months. It is also great under makeup which was my favorite part. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer leaves my skin feeling fresh and smooth for the whole day! This is a great base for makeup. I just use compact powder on the moisturizer and I see no shine or greasiness for a minimum of 7 hours. My skin feels fresh and no breakouts yet which I am very happy about. I have been using it only for about a week now so I'm not sure if it's working for wrinkles and tightening but I will try it for another week and update. Overall a very good product. I recommend this to anyone looking for fresh and clean look. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the L'Oreal Paris revitalift Triple Power deep acting facial moisturizer in conjunction with the facial serum treatment. I would first use the facial serum treatment followed by the moisturizer. I had a very positive experience with the moisturizer. I found it to be thick but upon application did not feel heavy upon my face. I use both these products everyday for the past 3 weeks and have noticed and overall General reduction in the wrinkles and smoothness of my skin. It is a product I would consider continue using for my facial needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in my early 30's and have been using the L'Oral Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 for 10 days now and so far I am pleased with the results: Pros: This moisturizer is wonderful for sensitive skin- it's also non greasy, and fast absorbing. I've noticed my skin is smoother and well hydrated after trying these products for 10 days. Since my skin is hydrated I also noticed less fine lines near my eyes. Con: The cream is a moderately strong scented product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(115, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally do not use nighttime moisturizers, but decided to try out the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It has a thick and creamy consistency but spread on my face easily and did not feel greasy. A little goes a long way so don't use too much! I was not a fan of the fragrance. I personally like creams on my face that have no powerful smell, because it bothers me and keeps me awake since I keep smelling it. I woke up to a fresh-feeling face. The cream did not stain my pillow and by morning I no longer could smell the fragrance. My skin was soft, smooth and hydrated. I am very happy with this moisturizer with the exception of the fragrance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(73, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am new to using moisturizer, but I tried L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in combination with the facial serum and day lotion and am pleased overall with the results so far. I am currently on maternity leave with a 4 month old and a 4 year old so I don't have a lot of time for pampering myself, but using this product in the morning and before bed felt like a treat. I like the light, refreshing scent. The product feels great going on and a little goes a long way. My skin was hydrated and glowing. I would prefer the product to be a little less greasy though because I have had 2 breakouts from it and I am not prone to pimples. I'm hoping that continued use will help with fine lines, but I haven't used it long enough to see those results yet. Overall, my skin feels hydrated using this product and I feel like I am taking care of my skin more than I have before. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this moisturizer! L'oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has made my skin soft and brighter. The moisturizer gave my face a natural beautiful glow. My co-workers were asking me if I was pregnant because my skin was so bright. They said I had the glow. I told them, no way I just got a new moisturizer, lol. I was looking for a a daily skin regimen. After noticing such great results from using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Action Facial Moisturizer along with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment along with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power I have found my new regimen! The products are not caky, gritty or sticky. They are nice and smooth, easy to apply. The only down side to these products for me would be the weight. The containers are a little heavy to throw in your bag for a quick overnight. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(431, 444, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a good moisturizer for it's price range. It goes on smooth and smells nice. It does not leave a greasy or oily residue on your skin. It absorbs quickly and well. It will keep your face moisturized for hours. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night for the last two weeks. At first I was using it along with the Revitalift serum, but I found that this combination was just too rich for my face and I was waking up with an oily complexion, so I switched to using the moisturizer on its own and have had much better results. What this does tell me is that this might be a perfect match for those who struggle with extremely dry skin! I have noticed some difference in my complexion over the two weeks - most noticeably that my previously dry skin is now well moisturized - even over moisturized. I love the scent of this product - it is light and fresh. The packaging is beautiful and luxe, however it is simply a jar, not a pump, so if you are concerned about bacteria you may want to use a spatula or spoon with this product. I removed 1 star for this. A little goes a long way and with once a day use I anticipate this 1.7 oz jar lasting me 3-4 months - a great value for the price! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As with the serum the first thing I noticed when I tried the product was the extremely pungent perfume fragrance. Again, had I not received this product as part of a Bzz Campaign I would have returned it without trying it because the smell was so strong and unpleasant, but I'm glad I did. This product is extremely hydrating! I feel like my face was moisturized all day! That fast fading dry feeling is my main complaint with other products and I was very pleased to not have to reapply moisturizers continuously all day to feel like I'm not drying out. I am definitely making L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer a normal part of my daily beauty regimine. As for the anti-agin effects, I haven't seen a dramatic change in my facial appearance, I have only been using it for 2 weeks so I will continue to try it and see what happens. But I would definitely recommend the products to others, just be prepared for the smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(578, 591, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First off, I'm loving how professional and up-scale the container for this moisturizer looks on my white quarts bathroom countertops! The dark red really stands out, and its one of the few things I'm OK with leaving out as opposed to hiding in a drawer of cabinet! Though the look of the container is nice, a twist off top for moisturizer isn't ideal to me - I use this in the mornings when getting ready for work, so I want to be able to quickly pump some product onto my fingers without having to worry about re-twisting back on a top or getting the container covered in product. So that's one disappointment I have about the moisturizer. I'm also disappointed with the quantity in the container - for something that should be used daily, I'd expect more so that it would last longer. I've been using the L'Oreal Paris Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a few days now, mostly in the mornings after showering and washing my face. The texture is thick and feels soothing on my skin, though it does feel a little heavy if I accidentally use to much. I've learned that a little goes a long way, so be aware of this! My favorite aspect of this moisturizer is how long it lasts. I'm experimenting with using less foundation and BB cream and have found that even without these, if I use this moisturizer, in the afternoons my face still feels soft and protected (I find that I'm actually washing this product off my face in the evenings - it didn't necessarily rub off throughout the day). I have not noticed any particular change in how my skin looks (wrinkle lift, firming, etc.), except for the fact that my face looks noticeably moisturized and healthy (which is great, since that is clearly stated on the box as an outcome after one week of use and I've only been using this for maybe 5 days). Like many products, this is one that will take about 4 weeks to notice any difference in skin appearance, so don't be alarmed if you don't have any results right away. Overall, I'm happy with the texture and smoothness of the moisturizer and would definitely suggest it over the standard daily moisturizers - those then to dry up within a few hours. I'd gladly put this on every day and have a glowing smooth look, rather than covering up with foundation and BB creams! I just happen to prefer using this in the mornings rather than the evenings, so the twist off container is annoying to me when I'm trying to quickly get ready in the morning, but if you use it in the evenings or aren't in a hurry, then maybe it won't be a big deal to you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(807, 820, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I mistakenly previously reviewed this product and was thinking it was the serum...so this is correct review. Sorry. When I first tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I would apply it after using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment as a second step.I also used it twice a day, in the morning and again in the evening. It is easy to use and it is a cream. I liked the idea that it was helping my skin and contains Pro-Xylane which stimulates collagen production. I would apply it to my face and also my neck. But it leaves a coated feeling which I did not like. It doesn't seem to be absorbed into the skin completely like the serum. So now I just apply it in the evening only. Still love that it is working on my skin. I find it my job to keep my skin young looking and this makes my job so much easier...I would recommend it, but only for night time use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(139, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Though this cream isn't marketed for night-time use, I found that the evening is the best time for me to apply it. Because it is thick and rich, it is too heavy for day use on my combination skin. At night, though, it feels like a wonderful treat and leaves my skin looking and feeling soft and smooth in the morning. I'm so pleased with the entire L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift line! For a girl in her mid-thirties, I'm looking to keep my skin gorgeous for a long time and I know that work starts now. This protective, regenerative moisturizer is a great tool in that battle against wrinkles and spots!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(349, 362, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At 30 years old, I'm trying to care for my skin well but the combination of oily and dry makes it a bit of a challenge. L'Oreal Paris' RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is truly deep acting and moisturizing. It goes on smoothly without being too heavy, goopy, or sticky. After use, my winter-worn skin was tighter, smoother, and brighter- it just seemed happier and clearly better cared for. Because of my combination skin, I realized daily use was too much for me so I cut down to a couple times a week all over and daily use just on drier parts of my skin. I recommend this to everyone for occasional use, but definitely for those who have drier skin and need the deep moisturizing. I even use it on my hands! After a day of baking and frequent hand washing and outdoor work in cold weather, my hands were chapped, dry, and worn, I used the facial moisturizer on them before bed and, in addition to instantly feeling better, they were soft and rejuvenated in the morning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(120, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer was so smooth and silky to put on it almost felt like I wasn't using enough because I couldn't feel it rub into the skin like most moisturizers. It was very silky smooth , not greasy or oily, very soft and luxurious on the skin. I did feel my skin feeling more thick by the end of one week using this product. Although with a hormonal acne problem that's not the greatest because it seems blemishes are deeper under the skin. The age defying element was noticeable temporarily, but seemed to wear off by days end or by morning. Seemed to plump skin and smooth out fine lines and wrinkles This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer and i absolutely love the was this moisturizer smells. The scent isn't too strong but leaves your face with a great scent. I used this every morning after washing my face and my face looks smoother and feels softer. I did find it to be a bit greasy but i wil still continue to use this product. I really liked it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for one week, my skin is feeling the effects. My skin is softer, and small dry patches have disappeared. The moisturizer smells good, and feels nice going on. It is not heavy, or watery, just right. I will definitely continue to use this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer was so smooth and silky to put on it almost felt like I wasn't using enough because I couldn't feel it rub into the skin like most moisturizers. It was very silky smooth , not greasy or oily, very soft and luxurious on the skin. I did feel my skin feeling more thick by the end of one week using this product. Although with a hormonal acne problem that's not the greatest because it seems blemishes are deeper under the skin. The age defying element was noticeable temporarily, but seemed to wear off by days end or by morning. Seemed to plump skin and smooth out fine lines and wrinkles This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer leaves my skin feeling fresh and smooth for the whole day! This is a great base for makeup. I just use compact powder on the moisturizer and I see no shine or greasiness for a minimum of 7 hours. My skin feels fresh and no breakouts yet which I am very happy about. I have been using it only for about a week now so I'm not sure if it's working for wrinkles and tightening but I will try it for another week and update. Overall a very good product. I recommend this to anyone looking for fresh and clean look. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in my early 30's and have been using the L'Oral Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20 for 10 days now and so far I am pleased with the results: Pros: This moisturizer is wonderful for sensitive skin- it's also non greasy, and fast absorbing. I've noticed my skin is smoother and well hydrated after trying these products for 10 days. Since my skin is hydrated I also noticed less fine lines near my eyes. Con: The cream is a moderately strong scented product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(115, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So, I used this moisturizer after applying the concentrated serum. My skin already felt great after the first step. The L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has a nice smell and is thick and rich. It feels pretty luxurious going on. Being so thick, I knew it would help my skin retain its moisture overnight. In the morning, I could definitely still feel its presence. I had to wash my face with soap to get it off. Then it's time to do the regimen all over again. The moisturizer does not soak into the skin too much, so it feels weird to apply the sunscreen step right afterwards. As a result, I've started just using this product at night. I don't like my skin to feel weighed down during the day, but for nighttime, it's wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(120, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is so creamy and smooth going on, I worried I would break out from it. So far, so good. It's super moisturizing and has a nice light scent. I'm starting to see some improvements in my fine lines, so I hope to have good results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really liked this product from the moment I applied it to my face and neck. It was not greasy and a little went a long way. I used it with L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment. I had a dry spot on the bridge of my nose and it went away with three days using both products. I have used it for three weeks and my skin feels great. Cannot say that my wrinkles have disappeared, but for 71, it has softened them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(141, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is similar to other overnight moisturizers I have tried a bit heavy. I used this with the serum at night and needed to give my face extra time to dry. The results were good with my forehead wrinkles not showing up as much. The scent was pleasant and did not feel it was overpowering. This product will be found in my future shopping cart. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! My skin is on the dry side and this product hydrated and absorbed beautifully! The only drawback I had was the scent was too strong but otherwise I love this product and the results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally do not use nighttime moisturizers, but decided to try out the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It has a thick and creamy consistency but spread on my face easily and did not feel greasy. A little goes a long way so don't use too much! I was not a fan of the fragrance. I personally like creams on my face that have no powerful smell, because it bothers me and keeps me awake since I keep smelling it. I woke up to a fresh-feeling face. The cream did not stain my pillow and by morning I no longer could smell the fragrance. My skin was soft, smooth and hydrated. I am very happy with this moisturizer with the exception of the fragrance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(73, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer and i absolutely love the was this moisturizer smells. The scent isn't too strong but leaves your face with a great scent. I used this every morning after washing my face and my face looks smoother and feels softer. I did find it to be a bit greasy but i wil still continue to use this product. I really liked it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night for the last two weeks. At first I was using it along with the Revitalift serum, but I found that this combination was just too rich for my face and I was waking up with an oily complexion, so I switched to using the moisturizer on its own and have had much better results. What this does tell me is that this might be a perfect match for those who struggle with extremely dry skin! I have noticed some difference in my complexion over the two weeks - most noticeably that my previously dry skin is now well moisturized - even over moisturized. I love the scent of this product - it is light and fresh. The packaging is beautiful and luxe, however it is simply a jar, not a pump, so if you are concerned about bacteria you may want to use a spatula or spoon with this product. I removed 1 star for this. A little goes a long way and with once a day use I anticipate this 1.7 oz jar lasting me 3-4 months - a great value for the price! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had neglected my skin for a while and it had become dull n unhappy. I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment for 15 days now, my skin is already happy. It seems it has come back to life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLife Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. I'm used to a lighter type of moisturizer, so I found that a little of this product goes a long way. I was happy with the way this product moisturized my face. It went on smooth, with no greasy feel. It also absorbed into my skin quickly and left a smooth finish. I would recommend this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried L'Oreal Paris Rivitalift Triple Power deep action moisturizer and found it to work very well at rejuvenating the look of my skin. The face looks and feels firmer and smoother. It's a great product and I would recommend. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the L'Oreal Paris revitalift triple power deep acting facial moisturizer is awesome. My dry face is now a healthy looking face. Thanks Bzz for giving me the opportunity to meet such an amazing moisturizer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this moisturizer! L'oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has made my skin soft and brighter. The moisturizer gave my face a natural beautiful glow. My co-workers were asking me if I was pregnant because my skin was so bright. They said I had the glow. I told them, no way I just got a new moisturizer, lol. I was looking for a a daily skin regimen. After noticing such great results from using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Action Facial Moisturizer along with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment along with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power I have found my new regimen! The products are not caky, gritty or sticky. They are nice and smooth, easy to apply. The only down side to these products for me would be the weight. The containers are a little heavy to throw in your bag for a quick overnight. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(431, 444, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I mistakenly previously reviewed this product and was thinking it was the serum...so this is correct review. Sorry. When I first tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I would apply it after using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment as a second step.I also used it twice a day, in the morning and again in the evening. It is easy to use and it is a cream. I liked the idea that it was helping my skin and contains Pro-Xylane which stimulates collagen production. I would apply it to my face and also my neck. But it leaves a coated feeling which I did not like. It doesn't seem to be absorbed into the skin completely like the serum. So now I just apply it in the evening only. Still love that it is working on my skin. I find it my job to keep my skin young looking and this makes my job so much easier...I would recommend it, but only for night time use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(139, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the L'Oreal Paris revitalift Triple Power deep acting facial moisturizer in conjunction with the facial serum treatment. I would first use the facial serum treatment followed by the moisturizer. I had a very positive experience with the moisturizer. I found it to be thick but upon application did not feel heavy upon my face. I use both these products everyday for the past 3 weeks and have noticed and overall General reduction in the wrinkles and smoothness of my skin. It is a product I would consider continue using for my facial needs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift facial moisturizer. It helped moisturizer my dry skin. I apply it to my face at nightime and once I wake up in the morning, my skin is still very moisturizer. Even with makeup, you notice a huge difference. Also gives your skin a healthy glow. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris' RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer for almost two weeks now and my skin has never felt better. I have naturally extremely dry and my job leeches every bit of moisture out of it. I've been applying the moisturizer every morning before work and at night before bed and the differences are astounding. I gave up on facial moisturizers years ago because they were far too greasy, but this Deep-Acting Moisturizer is perfect for me. My face is now softer and feels like new! I would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("OMG...I've fallen in love with my L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, and Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20! Just look at the decrease in my bags under my eyes and my wrinkles are disappearing. It's only been a few weeks and I'm seeing some dramatic positive results. I can't begin to recommend these products enough to anyone who wants to bring back a youthful complexion! Thanks L'Oreal for the confidence boost! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(34, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My skin felt so soft after using L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Concentrated Facial Serum and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer. This will be my new regiment. I just started using and I really love how my skin feels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is two wonderful products in one. Living in the humid Gulf Coast with oily skin, it has always been a challenge for me to find a product that truly moisturizes and balances my skin without the weight of a heavy cream. This stuff does the trick! It absorbs quickly into the skin giving you a smooth hydrated surface for applying makeup without it settling into fine lines or wrinkles. The overall tone and texture of my skin has improved. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I received my Triple products in L'Ore,al Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment,L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF, my husband wanted to know what it was and what it was for. So I told him it smoothed out the skin, evened out the skin tones, helped with fine lines and wrinkles. He was like I want to try! So after a week, he said that he could see a difference, that the lines on his forehead were smaller and he really loved this! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(109, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a god-send! I LOVE this moisturizer! I have used it for the past 3 weeks every night as my last facial product. I am a 3xs a week Retin-A user (for anti-aging) and my skin really needs a lot of moisture to balance out the drying effects of Retin-A. I like to use products that are a little heavier at night because my skin soaks them up throughout the night pretty well. Sometimes I feel like I need to use a moisturizer first thing in the morning as well because my skin usually feels pretty dry. I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer on my face, neck and decollete. Sometimes I would treat my hands too. When using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer at night, my skin was surprisigly still pretty fabulously moisturized in the morning (versus other products I have tried). It is easily absorbed by my face without leaving any greasy traces. I love the light, fresh, floral scent too. The added bonus is the anti-aging ingredients that are added to this moisturizer: Pro-Xylane and Hyaluronic Acid. Together, these ingredients help my skin to be more radiant in the morning and nice and soft- a big win win in my book, especially since I am combatting dry Retin-A skin all the time! I felt like my skin looked more rested and therefore, more youthful. I did not use this moisturizer in my morning routine, but after these great nighttime results, I am going to try it out. The only thing I would change would be the packaging. The jar is beautiful, however, I would really like it to come with a pump so the active ingredients are not exposed to the air and the amount used could be more controlled. Lastly, I would definitely recommend L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer to a friend and will most definitely be using it on myself in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power deep-acting facial moisturizer for 4 days now and I love the smell and the moisturizer makes my face feel smooth. I'm excited to see results after a few weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This moisturizer was great! I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power DeepActing Facial Moisturizer. I noticed changer after two days. My skin was very soft. Most products break out my sensitive skin, but this product did not. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(35, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so grateful to be added to this campaign for the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting FAcial Moisturizer. I used it for the first time last night and loved how it made my face feel. I can't wait to notice the difference after a week or so. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(54, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer Is a miracle worker!!! It's made my face so much smoother in just a few days. I've also noticed that my makeup looks so much nicer now. No more dry patches for me, I'm buying a backup asap!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer left my skin glowing and sooo soft. After using it for a week my face feels smoother and I've received compliments from my husband on my skin. I would definitely recommend this 100x!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a week at night and my skin is tighter and brighter in the mornings. I have also noticed my forehead lines seem less visable! Hurray for THAT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My skin felt so soft after using L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Concentrated Facial Serum and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer. This will be my new regiment. I just started using and I really love how my skin feels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift facial moisturizer. It helped moisturizer my dry skin. I apply it to my face at nightime and once I wake up in the morning, my skin is still very moisturizer. Even with makeup, you notice a huge difference. Also gives your skin a healthy glow. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep'Acting Facial Moisturizer is wonderful! It feels great and works great. L'Oreal is such a trusted and respected brand that I am excited to try any of their products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a non greasy facial lotion that smells great, goes on smoothly and gets absorbed quickly. It makes fine lines barely noticeable and makes my skin smoother and firmer. I apply it every night and I enjoy seeing my face glow and look younger every day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This stuff is amazing! Usually night creams are quite a bit heavy and it sort of feels like your skin can't breathe. But this L'Oreal Paris Revitalift has a light airy feel that is just wonderful. I've had night creams that have left like grease spots on my pillowcases before, but not this. I give this 2 thumbs up!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(126, 139, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was looking for a new line of products to use as I was using another line. When I tried L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I LOVED it!! It is so rich feeling and my skin soaks it up and feels luxurious!!! My skin feels pampered while using it and it is very rich and a great moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(90, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think a couple of days is too soon to see long term results with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer but it makes me feel better already. I use it at night and in the morning I look more rested. I think it works well overnight and is softening my wrinkles. I would recommend it to anyone who is concerned about looking older. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(71, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just started using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer last week. I am 36, and I am just starting to see some fine lines around my eyes. I can't speak to whether it improves fine lines or wrinkles yet, because I have only been using it for about a week now. But I'll tell you about what I've noticed about the product so far. Pros: -It goes on light and absorbs well into my skin. I hate heavy, greasy products. This is not greasy or thick. -It has added SPF 30 sunscreen. This is SO important in a daily moisturizer, and definitely will help prevent wrinkles. -I had some acne spots on my face when I started using this product. I did not have any additional breakouts as a result of using this product. -Although the 1.7 oz bottle seems small, you only need a very small amount to cover your whole face. I think this one bottle would last me a couple months. -The packaging is very cute! I love the deep red and purple colors. Cons: -The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power system involves using at least three different products. It can be expensive to buy all three products, and it's a bit of a hassle to use all three over the course of a day. If you like using multiple products, it's not a big deal, but for me, I think I'd prefer a more simple routine. -It is a scented product, which may not be appropriate for sensitive skin. The scent is nice, though--a light, clean scent, and it is less overpowering than some other products I have tried. Overall: I liked this product a lot. I think it worked well for my skin, and I would recommend it to others. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just started using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer about a week ago when I received it. I use it after the serum and it makes my skin feel so smooth and soft. I enjoy the fragrance! In the places where it was dry, it is no longer dry and the places that were oily are not oily! I expect to see even more results the longer I use it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer on dry skin days and at night, and I've noticed that my skin is particularly hydrated - even with the dropping temperatures (when my combination face gets especially dry on the cheek area). I love this stuff! It's very rich, so I tend to only use it on my cheeks and neckline, but I highly recommend it for dry or combination skin. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a GREAT product! Living in Alabama, my skin dries out daily. So I was excited to try L'Oreal. With a SPF protection, I was stoked to first feel how smoothly it went on. It wasn't greasy and absorbed quickly. Going out in this sun, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer protected my face and lasted for hours. This moisturizer is luxuriously pleasant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and really enjoy it. I use it before bed after washing my face. The moisturizer is not heavy and does not leave a residue on my face or pillows. Even my son likes it! Mommy , your face smells good!, he said after I applied it one evening. It is light and leaves my face looking refreshed in the morning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is really the answer to my prayers. I have used it for a short time, along with their Day Lotion and their Facial Serum Treatment, and I am amazed by the change in my skin. My skin has never looked or felt better - smoother, softer, and glowing!! I've purchased and thrown away so many products in the past, but I have finally found the products that I will use for the rest of my life!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is great for use at night before bed! In the morning my skin felt so much softer and healthier. I love the scent too. L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is great for moisturizing super dry winter skin and I will continue to use this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Facial Serum and Day Lotion SPf 20 and I have to admit Ive never been fond of using alot on my face, but this light formula makes it very easy to change your mind. Its clean, light, smells wonderful, non clumping under makeup and it win me over! My face feels wonderful and more tight under my eyes where i have had trouble with sagging. Extremely great combo and I love it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is an amazing product. It is so silky to touch and so smoothly to feel. The scent is very refreshing and nice. I like to have my face soft and hydrated all day and night and this product does the job pretty well. I will keep using this product and will be recommending it to friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Really loving all of the products but I would say this is my favorite! My face and wrinkles (LOL) are softer and less defined. It absorbs into the skin without feeling greasy! It has a clean fresh scent which a woman can appreciate! I definitely recommend L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Facial Moisturizer as you will see a more softer, not shiney look to your whole face!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(256, 269, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in a very dry climate and I thought it was just something I had to live with, but I have found a product that really really helps. I like the feel of theL'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It goes on smooth and does not feel to heavy to me. I don't like to feel covered up in lotion and this product fits the bill. I probably would have never bought this product without being able to try it first, but L'Oreal you have scored a new customer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(160, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has become part of my evening routine every night. It leaves my skin feeling smooth after cleaning and using the RevitaLift Serum. After just a few weeks of use my skin looks better than ever. My favorite part is, the moisturizer doesn't leave my skin oily or sticky. When I get up in the morning my skin is in much better condition too. I will be trying more of this line and adding it to my daily routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer Is an amazing product. When I first applied this product I noticed it was so silky to touch and went on so smoothly. The scent was refreshing and not too strong. Normally my face stays dry especially this time of the year but after applying the moisturizer my face stayed soft and hydrated all day and night. Even fine lines seemed to fade. I will keep using this product and will be recommending it to friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is wonderful! It comes in very nice packaging - a glass jar with an easy to unscrew top. The moisturizer leaves your face smelling very nice and very soft. I have not noticed any extra grease on my face from this new product - which for me - is wonderful! I'll keep using it for a while longer and re-review then in case there are any changes. Overall, a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great moisturizer. I've used this product twice a day for the past 3 weeks along with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Day Lotion Moisturizer (Broad Spectrum SPF 20). It has a very subtle, pleasant fragrance and I can already see and feel an improvement. I'm looking forward to seeing how effective it will be during the coming winter months when I seem to have even more dry skin issues. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(96, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is two wonderful products in one. Living in the humid Gulf Coast with oily skin, it has always been a challenge for me to find a product that truly moisturizes and balances my skin without the weight of a heavy cream. This stuff does the trick! It absorbs quickly into the skin giving you a smooth hydrated surface for applying makeup without it settling into fine lines or wrinkles. The overall tone and texture of my skin has improved. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris' RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Moisturizer for almost two weeks now and my skin has never felt better. I have naturally extremely dry and my job leeches every bit of moisture out of it. I've been applying the moisturizer every morning before work and at night before bed and the differences are astounding. I gave up on facial moisturizers years ago because they were far too greasy, but this Deep-Acting Moisturizer is perfect for me. My face is now softer and feels like new! I would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a little over a week now and I am so impressed! I used it after i washed and cleansed my face before bed and when I wake up in the morning my face is so smooth. This makes for an easier makeup application in the morning. This product goes on smooth and absorbs fast into your skin with no sticky after effects. My skin felt so moisturized! I definitely recommend this product for people looking to smooth out their skin and moisture their face. Plus it smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I didn't wanna post my review before I test it for a week or more 10. Days now using it for morning and night before sleeping for my face and neck .. and I love the result, feels my face and neck more soft and moisture and clear.. Love the fact it doesn't feels greecy or oily and have nice light smell.. didn't needs long time to feel the difference.. took couple of days and felt my face is shining.. comes in attractive design box and bottle.. definitely recommend it.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am an African American Middle Age women with very oily skin, just recently I start trying a product that my dermatologist prescribed for oily skin and acne prone skin. This new medication left my skin very dry and I have tried multiple moisturizers to help relieve the dryness. The majority of them, I tried left my skin Feeling or Oily all over. Until I tried L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Moisturizer. This moisturizer left my skin feeling clean smooth. My skin didn't appear to be full of greasers or oil. I would highly recommend this product for anyone who is using acne medication-and need to keep their skin hydrated. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(363, 376, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer as the second step in RevitaLift Triple Power regimen. I apply the moisturizer around my eyes first then spread out evenly over my face. After 4 weeks of using the Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Facial Serum I have noticed that the wrinkles around my eyes are very faint and seem to be disappearing the more I use it. My face looks so hydrated and revitalized. My face is soft, smooth, and silky to the touch. I am very pleased and will continue to use L'Oreal RevitaLift Triple Power regimen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I received my Triple products in L'Ore,al Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment,L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF, my husband wanted to know what it was and what it was for. So I told him it smoothed out the skin, evened out the skin tones, helped with fine lines and wrinkles. He was like I want to try! So after a week, he said that he could see a difference, that the lines on his forehead were smaller and he really loved this! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(109, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The first thing I noticed about L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer was the gorgeous jar! It has the look of something you would find in a high priced boutique. Nor was I disappointed when I opened this lovely little jar. The product itself has a luxurious creamy feel and a rather pleasant scent that is feminine but not overwhelming. The experience only got better from there. When applied to my face, this moisturizer is neither heavy nor greasy. On the contrary, it is like pure silk on my skin and leaves my face feeling soft and supple all day long. I am so in love with this product and how it makes me feel! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is AMAZING! I have been using it at bedtime for about 2 weeks and I love it. I'm prone to dry spots on my face. Since using this moisturizer, I haven't battled those dry spots! I was a bit skeptical at first because it is a heavier moisturizer. In the past, my skin has become greasy and has even broken out when using a thicker cream. Not so this time! It is quickly absorbed but not in a way that I feel like I need more on right away. It also has a pleasant scent that is not overpowering. As for the product's claim to diminish dark spots, I haven't noticed a difference yet. But, I do love the texture of my skin after starting to use this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer after the LOreal Paris RevitaLift Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment for little over a week. I am amazed by the results. My skin appears to be fuller, hydrated, and radiant. But, most of all, the wrinkles upon my forehead, especially around my left brow which is often raised by itself, is filling in. Plus, the other day I had to take a double takethe scar on my throat wasnt as prevalent. The skin quickly soaks in the product. There hasnt been a need to reapply during the day, just one in the morning and once at night. My old skin has never felt so soft or looked so much younger. I cant wait to see what the results will be in 4-weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The weather is getting chilly, so the air is getting dry which is why I appreciate a great moisturizer I can wear overnight and wake up to soft supple skin. L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift moisturizer is a really fabulous night cream. It's thick but not too thick, creamy and when applied it sinks in nicely with leaving a sticky filmy feeling behind. It's lightly scented, so if you are sensitive to fragrance, you may want to keep that in mind, but it's definitely not overwhelming, and fades quickly. I do use this in conjunction with the serum from the same line, and they work really well together. A multi-step skin regimen is something I have taken on to start taking care of my skin before it shows any signs of aging. This is formulated to treat deep wrinkles, but I'm in my late 20's so I don't really have those signs of aging, but I do think there a value in using this product before you truly need it. The price is right and it's readily available so there is no downside. I would stick to keeping this as a night cream because without sunscreen you are missing a key component in skin care. Overall my impression after using it for a few weeks, is it's great moisturizer that will having you wake up with soft skin if you use it consistently. Overall, great buy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(157, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz) works very well! Right away when you open the lotion and dip your finger in the well the product feels very rich and thick, not watered down or thin to the touch. This product does have a slight fragrance but I love it. If you do not like any type of fragrance in your skin lotion, this product may not be for you. I have only been using this product for a short time now and I definitely feel the results in my skin already by repairing wrinkles, re-firming your skin and redensifiying. The elasticity in my skin does feel better after using this product. Keep everything in mind about this product I would definitely recommend to a friend! **I received this product thanks to BzzAgent and L'Oreal Paris in exchange for my honest opinion** This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried this for 1 week and my skin feels baby soft, everytime after I've used it. **L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer (1.7 oz)** Goes on smooth with a light scent. You don't need a lot of lotion, it goes a long way. I like to rub any lotion left on my hands on them. they feel soft and smoother. My Halloween makeup looked flawless when I used underneath. I looked and felt younger also. My mother noticed a nice change in my complexion. I would recommend buying this product even though its higher than I would normally pay for price wise. It looks like it will last a long time before buying a refill. ****special note: rinse hands well after use. My cat Buddy didn't approve of the smell when he came over and sniffed my hands after I was done applying it.**** This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(88, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Come on through REVITALIFT LINE. THE SCENT THIS LINE HAS IS AMAZING. THE TEXTURE IS THICK AND CREAMY . THE MOISTURE MY FACE FEELS IN THIS SOUTHERN COLD IS 100. OK LET ME ALSO SAY I KNOW THIS IS FOR FACIAL AND NECK PURPOSE BUT I USE IT ON MY HANDS. THIS SOUTHERN COLD IS A BEAST ON MY HANDS AND I LIKE TO SAY IT WORKS ALL THE WAY AROUND.BACK TO MY FACE....I WEAR A NICE AMOUNT OF MAKEUP AND SOMETIMES PRIMERS SINK INTO MY SKIN. WITH L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer this my primer and mousturizer. My skin has become tighter and MY GLOW FROM.WITH IN NO HIGHLIGHTER NEED. OVERALL I HAVE WENT AND BOUT MORE OF THE REVITALIFT FOR THOSE OF US WHO CANT AFFORD HIGHER END AND STILL WANT THOSE GREAT RESULTS GO OUT AND BUY THE ENTIRE.....ITS A MUST. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(432, 445, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is my new favorite face cream of all time. I am 75 and I used to use L'Oreal skincare products all of the time and loved them in fact they were all I ever used but at some point I stopped using them. Obviously at 75 I am going to have some issues with my skin, personally I think that I have pretty good skin for my age but this cream really did tighten my face up really well and I think that my wrinkles and fine lines look so much better! I love every single one of the products that I was sent but this one is definitely my favorite and I would recommend this for anyone who is looking for some tightening and filling on the skin with lots of moisture! This for sure compares to my high end products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a few weeks. I use it in the morning before I start my day and at night after my long day. I must say this is the BEST facial moisturizer I have tried. It doesn't feel greasy at all, and the 'hydrated' skin feeling lasts all day for me! I use it once, and the fresh feeling lasts for HOURS! I don't need to reapply an hour or two later. My skin feels and looks smoother already! The scent is light and fresh also, that is a huge plus! I have already recommended this product to a friend of mine dealing with dry skin due to the cooler weather. The price is a little higher than other facial moisturizers, but you are getting what you pay for. A little of this stuff goes a LONG WAY! It's worth every penny! I give this product 5 out of 5 stars! It's awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't have that many wrinkles as yet but I don't want to wait for more to show up to begin working on them. If you are like me and is looking for a daily moisturizer that has the benefit of younger looking skin, then the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is for you. This product should be used in conjunction with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment but alone, it is still awesome. If feels think and creamy between my fingers but goes on smooth and light. It leaves my skin looking and feeling well moisturized. The moisture last all day so I don't have to reapply. I live in a warm climate so I spend a lot of time outside and I thought this product would make my face oily but it does not. Overall, I really enjoy this product and will continue using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(223, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in conjunction with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment for three days and I'm amazed how different my face feels already. I have fairly dry skin that is also sensitive to harsh products so I am always a little nervous to try something new. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has a smooth, light application that doesn't irritate my eyes like other potent moisturizers. It does take a while to fully absorb into the skin, which is recommended on the bottle, so I waited before adding anything else to my face. I applied it in the morning and in the evening after cleaning my face. My face feels hydrated and silky smooth. My hands even seem to benefit from it as well! While both products state that they fight wrinkles, I can't say that I have seen a different in the wrinkle department yet, although, I only have two forehead wrinkles to monitor. I highly recommend L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer to anyone looking for smoother, youthful face! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tired dozens of brands of moisturizers -- Lancome, Estee Lauder, Elizabeth Arden, L'Occitane Devine and L'oreal products. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has the same effect or even better results for me. The moisturizer is rich and thick but doesn't feel sticky at all. I love the fact that it feels rich and expensive. I also love the way it goes on my neck and chin. I've been using it everyday since I've gotten the product and I have noticed a smoother texture to my neck and chin. I also use it as a moisturizer in the morning. I put it on after I wash my wash then I have my breakfast. I then put my makeup on and go to work. It can also act like a makeup base because it makes my foundation go on smoother and my skin looks very polished and professional. I don't think I'll use anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(133, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My face is either super oily or really dry....or even a little bit of both!! If I use lotions and moisturizers they typically make my face break out and become way too oily. I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power deep-acting facial moisturizer for two weeks now, applying both day and night, and I must say that it is amazing!! It's a super light moisturizer and it leaves my skin feeling like satin. Another positive is thag doesn't break my face out at all. This product is enexpensive and just a little dab of it goes a long way, which is amazing for those on a budget! It has helped my dry patches around my nose and cheeks and my skin feels and looks hydrated and glowing!! I must say I am hooked! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(192, 205, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As I get older I am starting to see the signs on my face. Unfortunately that means wrinkle and lines that I don't like so much. So I have started trying out some ageing products. I recently tried out L'Oreal Paris's Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and I really like it. It feels great on my face, soft and silky it's almost like applying a spa treatment at home! It works great on my face. I feel more moisturized and hydrated after I use it. My face feels so much healthier. I love the way it makes my face feel. I can see a difference after only a few uses. My lines and wrinkles are firmer and less noticeable. I really enjoy the texture of the product, the smell is great, and it feels amazing. I am very happy with it. I received this item for free for my opinion. All opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(200, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple power deep -acting facial moisturizer is a cream that I never want to be without again. The little jar it comes in looks and feels like luxury, and the product within is much better than anything I expected. The cream is rich and smells good, it's moisturizing without making my feel oily and gunky. I love using it in the mornings, and again at night before I go to bed. My skin just drinks it up and loves me more for it. My partner who barely notices any changes in my beauty routines cannot stop complimenting in how nice my skin looks and how good I smell when he comes to kiss me minutes after I've applied this. My skin definitely is getting more youthful I'm so happy to continue using it. I have recommend it to my mother who is in her early sixties. And after trying it out for a couple of weeks, she has only positive things to say! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! It's worked wonders for me, especially combined with the serum. I use this at night after I wash my face. I wake up with soft and glowing skin. I've searched high and low for the perfect night cream/moisturizer with the benefits I need and so far, this it it. It's not too heavy of a cream, which is important to me. It doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy at all like some products. Which is also important to me since I'm prone to breakouts. It's very moisturizing and my skin looks very healthy since adding this to my routine. I'm very excited about using this with winter coming up, I get dry patches in areas of my face and I think this will end that. My skin looks more youthful and fine lines are less noticeable. My eyes, my forehead, and around my mouth look much better, you can really tell a difference. I highly recommend adding this to your routine. You can probably do away with a lot of other products you use to achieve the same result with just this and tell serum! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started this regiment 3 weeks ago and every week I see improved results. I am amazed with the results of the L'Oreal regiment. I used 3 products together and saw results continuously. I used a combination of L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Moisturizer with Sunscreen. First of all the scent is amazing, fresh and clean smelling. My skin feels so smooth and moisturized. I've even noticed my make up going on better since using these products. I can't rave about these products enough. I have always been picky about my moisturizers because I don't like the greasy feeling some leave behind, these definitely leave my skin feeling light and fresh. If you're on the fence about trying these products definitely take the leap and go for it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(210, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think I'm in love. I have used the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night since I got my kit. I use it after I wash my face (with soap and baking soda) and use astringent. The astrigent dries up all the oil and breakouts but the Deep-Acting moisturizer makes everything smooth. My face is so soft after putting this one. It sets in and drys completely, quickly. It doesn't crumble off or peel. It doesn't make my skin itch or burn. It smells wonderful and did I mention how soft it is It's really really ridiculously soft. I find myself rubbing my cheeks after. It comes in a 1.7oz tub that will last a while. You don't need much it goes a long way. You can use it morning and night! I love this stuff. Really love it. I have not noticed an improvement in skin complexion or tightness yet but I've only been using this product roughly a week. Change takes time. But I can most definite see myself using this product for a long time. It is absolutely worth a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(37, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It has been very difficult to find a quality moisturizer at a good price point, but L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has found a new customer! Just a little dab goes a long way, dries quickly and doesn't leave a sticky or greasy feeling. More importantly my skin look brighter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(84, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My face can get pretty dry, especially during the winter. Simply put, L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job providing much needed moisture. I highly recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(70, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the L'Oreal Paris Moisturizer. It left my skin feeling soft . The nice thing was that it did not make my skin feel oily. I have pretty sensitive skin so I worry that my skin can become irritated from new products. This however, did not bother my skin at all. I can't wait to see if it tones my skin up. I recieved this product for free to leave my honest opinion. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After just two weeks of using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer I can see noticeable changes. My skin is looking much healthier, younger, smoother and it feels great. Prior to using this product I was using a more expensive brand and I can tell you this one is working better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in my mid-thirties and in the last year I really feel like I started showing signs of aging skin. My skin was thirsty! I decided to try the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment along with the Triple Power Deep Acting Moisturizer and Triple Power Daytime Moisturizer because my skin was losing its lustre and I haven't been able to find anything that could bring back that fresh skin glow until I tried this product. After only 5 days my skin was starting to feel smoother, hydrated and my overall complexion was starting to even out. I will continue to use this product because I am excited to see what it can do to my skin after 2-3 weeks of use. Also, I love that it has hyaluronic acid in it as I have read that it is a good time in my skins life to add this ingredient to my skincare regimine as our skin starts to lose its elasticity. I definitely recommend this product to those who need a boost in their skin hydration! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(145, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion Spf 20. and I love all three of these products so far so good They come in nice deep red colored adorable container which i adored. To be honest I was a bit worried about trying these products at first due to I have sensitive skin but after using all three product for about two weeks I have to say i truly love these products they smell fresh and clean and go on smooth it didn't leave my skin dry or irritated which is great for someone like me with sensitive skin. I only had to use a small amount of product which went a long way which is awesome! after using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple power products it left my skin feeling smoother and clean, tighter and made my skin feel great . I will continue using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power and hope to see better results then i already have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a great, lightweight moisturizer for aging skin. I have oily skin and was concerned the moisturizer would cause breakouts or excessively shiny skin. After two weeks, I have not had any blemishes. It does make my skin really shiny, so I only use it in the evening. It is a very lightweight moisturizer that doesn't feel heavy or greasy. I saw immediate results in the texture and color of my skin, it looked smoother and more even. I would highly recommend this moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("OMG...I've fallen in love with my L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, and Triple Power Facial Day Lotion SPF 20! Just look at the decrease in my bags under my eyes and my wrinkles are disappearing. It's only been a few weeks and I'm seeing some dramatic positive results. I can't begin to recommend these products enough to anyone who wants to bring back a youthful complexion! Thanks L'Oreal for the confidence boost! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(34, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think I am in love! I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a couple weeks and my face is so much softer than when I started. It smells amazing and I have been getting compliments on how great my face looks. I have pretty sensitive skin and I've been able to use this with no problems. I have convinced my sisters and mom to purchase it and try it themselves. This is such an amazing product! I'll definitely buy more when this runs out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was picked to try L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. Truly I'm impressed. This is my favorite part of my night time routine. After washing my face and applying serum to problem areas. This moisturizer is super thick. it only takes a very small amount. my skin loves it and soaks it all up. Makes it very soft. I will buy this forever. I love how smooth and hydrated my skin feels This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night before bed, i wake up every morning feeling 10 years younger!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in love with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer!! I used to dread my skin care routine because my face always felt either greasy or irritated, BUT this moisturizer changed that for me. First, the texture is amazing. Its a thick cream that feels very luxurious and silky. It feels luxurious and silky on the face as well, and depite the thickness of the cream, it feels lightweight. It is not greasy at all. My skin looks evenly toned, full, and smooth even immediately after applying. My previously flaky,dry zones are now soft and smooth. I have also noticed my wrinkles lessening in just a week. Another thing I love about it is the scent. It smells just as luxurious as it feels! It smells like the spa! I love to apply at bedtime so that I'm smelling the spa as I relax off to dreamland. I will definitely be buying more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This triple power deep acting facial moisturizer is a very fast working product. I could feel it starting to work with the very first application. My skin feels smooth yet tight at the same time. I noticed the fine lines around my eyes starting to diminish after the first use and more and more every day. My crows feet are almost gone. My laugh lines are a little more stubborn. They are starting to be less bold now after a few uses of this serum and I am positive they will completely disappear with regular use of L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and my skin is now so very soft. It reminds me of what my skin was like when I was in my late teens and early 20's. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(518, 531, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have struggled for many years to find a moisturizing product for my combination skin and have been unsuccessful. That is until i received a sample of the L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Deep Acting Moisturizer and Serum! These products are simply amazing. After just one application of both products, I noticed a major difference from the products i normally use. Although the moisturizer has a thick and creamy texture, it is very light after applying to the face. And also the fact that a little dab goes a long way, is a MAJOR plus for me! The combination of both products left my skin smooth, firm and moisturized all day. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. Great job L'Oreal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(156, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I must honestly say i was a a doubting thomas. Most products of this sort make all these claims and fall short of their promises. This product however does what is says it will do . I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for the past three days am and pm like it tells you to do. I must say i'm surprised , I have noticed my skin tone evening out , my skin is smoother. I would recommend this product to anyone, proudly i might add. It's always nice to come across a product that does what it says it will do. I have included an before and after photo to show the difference . I hope you all can see it . I'm afraid my photo skills need work This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(200, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night for two weeks. I love the way my 58 year old skin looks. No more dry patches and my makeup goes on smooth. My skin actually looks firmer and more dewey. The moisturizer is just the right consistency. It absorbs fully, but is not greasy. I have tried a lot of products over the years, and this one is by far the best! No exaggeration here! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My skin is so soft now!!! I have lost a lot of the redness in my cheeks. I would recommend this product to every one. I used the L'Oreal Paris Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer in the morning and in the evening. Even applying over L'Oreal Concentrated Facial Serum the product was still light weight, and non greasy. Works perfectly under my make-up too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(129, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am really enjoying using the L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! It is a thick cream that works easily into my skin. I feel softer after. It does not leave my face feeling heavy or greasy though which is a plus. I have only been using it for two weeks but I can see a decrease in the depth of my forehead wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in I could honestly say it has been doing a great deal for my face and neck area. I suffer from dryness in this moisturizer came in handy. Plus I've been enjoying the complements of looking younger then what I am. BzzzAgent you guys rock!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a week at night and my skin is tighter and brighter in the mornings. I have also noticed my forehead lines seem less visable! Hurray for THAT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in love with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer!! I used to dread my skin care routine because my face always felt either greasy or irritated, BUT this moisturizer changed that for me. First, the texture is amazing. Its a thick cream that feels very luxurious and silky. It feels luxurious and silky on the face as well, and depite the thickness of the cream, it feels lightweight. It is not greasy at all. My skin looks evenly toned, full, and smooth even immediately after applying. My previously flaky,dry zones are now soft and smooth. I have also noticed my wrinkles lessening in just a week. Another thing I love about it is the scent. It smells just as luxurious as it feels! It smells like the spa! I love to apply at bedtime so that I'm smelling the spa as I relax off to dreamland. I will definitely be buying more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was looking for a new line of products to use as I was using another line. When I tried L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I LOVED it!! It is so rich feeling and my skin soaks it up and feels luxurious!!! My skin feels pampered while using it and it is very rich and a great moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(90, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I must honestly say i was a a doubting thomas. Most products of this sort make all these claims and fall short of their promises. This product however does what is says it will do . I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for the past three days am and pm like it tells you to do. I must say i'm surprised , I have noticed my skin tone evening out , my skin is smoother. I would recommend this product to anyone, proudly i might add. It's always nice to come across a product that does what it says it will do. I have included an before and after photo to show the difference . I hope you all can see it . I'm afraid my photo skills need work This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(200, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer left my skin glowing and sooo soft. After using it for a week my face feels smoother and I've received compliments from my husband on my skin. I would definitely recommend this 100x!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer Is a miracle worker!!! It's made my face so much smoother in just a few days. I've also noticed that my makeup looks so much nicer now. No more dry patches for me, I'm buying a backup asap!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is really the answer to my prayers. I have used it for a short time, along with their Day Lotion and their Facial Serum Treatment, and I am amazed by the change in my skin. My skin has never looked or felt better - smoother, softer, and glowing!! I've purchased and thrown away so many products in the past, but I have finally found the products that I will use for the rest of my life!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just started using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer last week. I am 36, and I am just starting to see some fine lines around my eyes. I can't speak to whether it improves fine lines or wrinkles yet, because I have only been using it for about a week now. But I'll tell you about what I've noticed about the product so far. Pros: -It goes on light and absorbs well into my skin. I hate heavy, greasy products. This is not greasy or thick. -It has added SPF 30 sunscreen. This is SO important in a daily moisturizer, and definitely will help prevent wrinkles. -I had some acne spots on my face when I started using this product. I did not have any additional breakouts as a result of using this product. -Although the 1.7 oz bottle seems small, you only need a very small amount to cover your whole face. I think this one bottle would last me a couple months. -The packaging is very cute! I love the deep red and purple colors. Cons: -The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power system involves using at least three different products. It can be expensive to buy all three products, and it's a bit of a hassle to use all three over the course of a day. If you like using multiple products, it's not a big deal, but for me, I think I'd prefer a more simple routine. -It is a scented product, which may not be appropriate for sensitive skin. The scent is nice, though--a light, clean scent, and it is less overpowering than some other products I have tried. Overall: I liked this product a lot. I think it worked well for my skin, and I would recommend it to others. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think I am in love! I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a couple weeks and my face is so much softer than when I started. It smells amazing and I have been getting compliments on how great my face looks. I have pretty sensitive skin and I've been able to use this with no problems. I have convinced my sisters and mom to purchase it and try it themselves. This is such an amazing product! I'll definitely buy more when this runs out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night for two weeks. I love the way my 58 year old skin looks. No more dry patches and my makeup goes on smooth. My skin actually looks firmer and more dewey. The moisturizer is just the right consistency. It absorbs fully, but is not greasy. I have tried a lot of products over the years, and this one is by far the best! No exaggeration here! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tired dozens of brands of moisturizers -- Lancome, Estee Lauder, Elizabeth Arden, L'Occitane Devine and L'oreal products. The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has the same effect or even better results for me. The moisturizer is rich and thick but doesn't feel sticky at all. I love the fact that it feels rich and expensive. I also love the way it goes on my neck and chin. I've been using it everyday since I've gotten the product and I have noticed a smoother texture to my neck and chin. I also use it as a moisturizer in the morning. I put it on after I wash my wash then I have my breakfast. I then put my makeup on and go to work. It can also act like a makeup base because it makes my foundation go on smoother and my skin looks very polished and professional. I don't think I'll use anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(133, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, I didn't wanna post my review before I test it for a week or more 10. Days now using it for morning and night before sleeping for my face and neck .. and I love the result, feels my face and neck more soft and moisture and clear.. Love the fact it doesn't feels greecy or oily and have nice light smell.. didn't needs long time to feel the difference.. took couple of days and felt my face is shining.. comes in attractive design box and bottle.. definitely recommend it.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a little over a week now and I am so impressed! I used it after i washed and cleansed my face before bed and when I wake up in the morning my face is so smooth. This makes for an easier makeup application in the morning. This product goes on smooth and absorbs fast into your skin with no sticky after effects. My skin felt so moisturized! I definitely recommend this product for people looking to smooth out their skin and moisture their face. Plus it smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! It's worked wonders for me, especially combined with the serum. I use this at night after I wash my face. I wake up with soft and glowing skin. I've searched high and low for the perfect night cream/moisturizer with the benefits I need and so far, this it it. It's not too heavy of a cream, which is important to me. It doesn't leave my skin feeling greasy at all like some products. Which is also important to me since I'm prone to breakouts. It's very moisturizing and my skin looks very healthy since adding this to my routine. I'm very excited about using this with winter coming up, I get dry patches in areas of my face and I think this will end that. My skin looks more youthful and fine lines are less noticeable. My eyes, my forehead, and around my mouth look much better, you can really tell a difference. I highly recommend adding this to your routine. You can probably do away with a lot of other products you use to achieve the same result with just this and tell serum! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is AMAZING! I have been using it at bedtime for about 2 weeks and I love it. I'm prone to dry spots on my face. Since using this moisturizer, I haven't battled those dry spots! I was a bit skeptical at first because it is a heavier moisturizer. In the past, my skin has become greasy and has even broken out when using a thicker cream. Not so this time! It is quickly absorbed but not in a way that I feel like I need more on right away. It also has a pleasant scent that is not overpowering. As for the product's claim to diminish dark spots, I haven't noticed a difference yet. But, I do love the texture of my skin after starting to use this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is my new favorite face cream of all time. I am 75 and I used to use L'Oreal skincare products all of the time and loved them in fact they were all I ever used but at some point I stopped using them. Obviously at 75 I am going to have some issues with my skin, personally I think that I have pretty good skin for my age but this cream really did tighten my face up really well and I think that my wrinkles and fine lines look so much better! I love every single one of the products that I was sent but this one is definitely my favorite and I would recommend this for anyone who is looking for some tightening and filling on the skin with lots of moisture! This for sure compares to my high end products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a god-send! I LOVE this moisturizer! I have used it for the past 3 weeks every night as my last facial product. I am a 3xs a week Retin-A user (for anti-aging) and my skin really needs a lot of moisture to balance out the drying effects of Retin-A. I like to use products that are a little heavier at night because my skin soaks them up throughout the night pretty well. Sometimes I feel like I need to use a moisturizer first thing in the morning as well because my skin usually feels pretty dry. I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer on my face, neck and decollete. Sometimes I would treat my hands too. When using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer at night, my skin was surprisigly still pretty fabulously moisturized in the morning (versus other products I have tried). It is easily absorbed by my face without leaving any greasy traces. I love the light, fresh, floral scent too. The added bonus is the anti-aging ingredients that are added to this moisturizer: Pro-Xylane and Hyaluronic Acid. Together, these ingredients help my skin to be more radiant in the morning and nice and soft- a big win win in my book, especially since I am combatting dry Retin-A skin all the time! I felt like my skin looked more rested and therefore, more youthful. I did not use this moisturizer in my morning routine, but after these great nighttime results, I am going to try it out. The only thing I would change would be the packaging. The jar is beautiful, however, I would really like it to come with a pump so the active ingredients are not exposed to the air and the amount used could be more controlled. Lastly, I would definitely recommend L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer to a friend and will most definitely be using it on myself in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night before bed, i wake up every morning feeling 10 years younger!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After just two weeks of using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer I can see noticeable changes. My skin is looking much healthier, younger, smoother and it feels great. Prior to using this product I was using a more expensive brand and I can tell you this one is working better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer for a few weeks. I use it in the morning before I start my day and at night after my long day. I must say this is the BEST facial moisturizer I have tried. It doesn't feel greasy at all, and the 'hydrated' skin feeling lasts all day for me! I use it once, and the fresh feeling lasts for HOURS! I don't need to reapply an hour or two later. My skin feels and looks smoother already! The scent is light and fresh also, that is a huge plus! I have already recommended this product to a friend of mine dealing with dry skin due to the cooler weather. The price is a little higher than other facial moisturizers, but you are getting what you pay for. A little of this stuff goes a LONG WAY! It's worth every penny! I give this product 5 out of 5 stars! It's awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have struggled for many years to find a moisturizing product for my combination skin and have been unsuccessful. That is until i received a sample of the L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Deep Acting Moisturizer and Serum! These products are simply amazing. After just one application of both products, I noticed a major difference from the products i normally use. Although the moisturizer has a thick and creamy texture, it is very light after applying to the face. And also the fact that a little dab goes a long way, is a MAJOR plus for me! The combination of both products left my skin smooth, firm and moisturized all day. I would highly recommend this product to anyone. Great job L'Oreal! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(156, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment, L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer, and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Facial Day Lotion Spf 20. and I love all three of these products so far so good They come in nice deep red colored adorable container which i adored. To be honest I was a bit worried about trying these products at first due to I have sensitive skin but after using all three product for about two weeks I have to say i truly love these products they smell fresh and clean and go on smooth it didn't leave my skin dry or irritated which is great for someone like me with sensitive skin. I only had to use a small amount of product which went a long way which is awesome! after using the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple power products it left my skin feeling smoother and clean, tighter and made my skin feel great . I will continue using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power and hope to see better results then i already have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think I'm in love. I have used the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer every night since I got my kit. I use it after I wash my face (with soap and baking soda) and use astringent. The astrigent dries up all the oil and breakouts but the Deep-Acting moisturizer makes everything smooth. My face is so soft after putting this one. It sets in and drys completely, quickly. It doesn't crumble off or peel. It doesn't make my skin itch or burn. It smells wonderful and did I mention how soft it is It's really really ridiculously soft. I find myself rubbing my cheeks after. It comes in a 1.7oz tub that will last a while. You don't need much it goes a long way. You can use it morning and night! I love this stuff. Really love it. I have not noticed an improvement in skin complexion or tightness yet but I've only been using this product roughly a week. Change takes time. But I can most definite see myself using this product for a long time. It is absolutely worth a try. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(37, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and really enjoy it. I use it before bed after washing my face. The moisturizer is not heavy and does not leave a residue on my face or pillows. Even my son likes it! Mommy , your face smells good!, he said after I applied it one evening. It is light and leaves my face looking refreshed in the morning. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer has become part of my evening routine every night. It leaves my skin feeling smooth after cleaning and using the RevitaLift Serum. After just a few weeks of use my skin looks better than ever. My favorite part is, the moisturizer doesn't leave my skin oily or sticky. When I get up in the morning my skin is in much better condition too. I will be trying more of this line and adding it to my daily routine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer in I could honestly say it has been doing a great deal for my face and neck area. I suffer from dryness in this moisturizer came in handy. Plus I've been enjoying the complements of looking younger then what I am. BzzzAgent you guys rock!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was picked to try L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. Truly I'm impressed. This is my favorite part of my night time routine. After washing my face and applying serum to problem areas. This moisturizer is super thick. it only takes a very small amount. my skin loves it and soaks it all up. Makes it very soft. I will buy this forever. I love how smooth and hydrated my skin feels This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My skin is so soft now!!! I have lost a lot of the redness in my cheeks. I would recommend this product to every one. I used the L'Oreal Paris Deep Acting Facial Moisturizer in the morning and in the evening. Even applying over L'Oreal Concentrated Facial Serum the product was still light weight, and non greasy. Works perfectly under my make-up too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(129, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am really enjoying using the L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer! It is a thick cream that works easily into my skin. I feel softer after. It does not leave my face feeling heavy or greasy though which is a plus. I have only been using it for two weeks but I can see a decrease in the depth of my forehead wrinkles. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in a very dry climate and I thought it was just something I had to live with, but I have found a product that really really helps. I like the feel of theL'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer. It goes on smooth and does not feel to heavy to me. I don't like to feel covered up in lotion and this product fits the bill. I probably would have never bought this product without being able to try it first, but L'Oreal you have scored a new customer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(160, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This triple power deep acting facial moisturizer is a very fast working product. I could feel it starting to work with the very first application. My skin feels smooth yet tight at the same time. I noticed the fine lines around my eyes starting to diminish after the first use and more and more every day. My crows feet are almost gone. My laugh lines are a little more stubborn. They are starting to be less bold now after a few uses of this serum and I am positive they will completely disappear with regular use of L'Oreal Paris RevitalLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer and my skin is now so very soft. It reminds me of what my skin was like when I was in my late teens and early 20's. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(518, 531, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep'Acting Facial Moisturizer is wonderful! It feels great and works great. L'Oreal is such a trusted and respected brand that I am excited to try any of their products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't have that many wrinkles as yet but I don't want to wait for more to show up to begin working on them. If you are like me and is looking for a daily moisturizer that has the benefit of younger looking skin, then the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is for you. This product should be used in conjunction with the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Facial Serum Treatment but alone, it is still awesome. If feels think and creamy between my fingers but goes on smooth and light. It leaves my skin looking and feeling well moisturized. The moisture last all day so I don't have to reapply. I live in a warm climate so I spend a lot of time outside and I thought this product would make my face oily but it does not. Overall, I really enjoy this product and will continue using it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(223, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is an amazing product. It is so silky to touch and so smoothly to feel. The scent is very refreshing and nice. I like to have my face soft and hydrated all day and night and this product does the job pretty well. I will keep using this product and will be recommending it to friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer as the second step in RevitaLift Triple Power regimen. I apply the moisturizer around my eyes first then spread out evenly over my face. After 4 weeks of using the Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer along with the Facial Serum I have noticed that the wrinkles around my eyes are very faint and seem to be disappearing the more I use it. My face looks so hydrated and revitalized. My face is soft, smooth, and silky to the touch. I am very pleased and will continue to use L'Oreal RevitaLift Triple Power regimen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is great for use at night before bed! In the morning my skin felt so much softer and healthier. I love the scent too. L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is great for moisturizing super dry winter skin and I will continue to use this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple power deep -acting facial moisturizer is a cream that I never want to be without again. The little jar it comes in looks and feels like luxury, and the product within is much better than anything I expected. The cream is rich and smells good, it's moisturizing without making my feel oily and gunky. I love using it in the mornings, and again at night before I go to bed. My skin just drinks it up and loves me more for it. My partner who barely notices any changes in my beauty routines cannot stop complimenting in how nice my skin looks and how good I smell when he comes to kiss me minutes after I've applied this. My skin definitely is getting more youthful I'm so happy to continue using it. I have recommend it to my mother who is in her early sixties. And after trying it out for a couple of weeks, she has only positive things to say! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer is a great, lightweight moisturizer for aging skin. I have oily skin and was concerned the moisturizer would cause breakouts or excessively shiny skin. After two weeks, I have not had any blemishes. It does make my skin really shiny, so I only use it in the evening. It is a very lightweight moisturizer that doesn't feel heavy or greasy. I saw immediate results in the texture and color of my skin, it looked smoother and more even. I would highly recommend this moisturizer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My face can get pretty dry, especially during the winter. Simply put, L'Oreal Paris Revitalift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer does an excellent job providing much needed moisture. I highly recommend it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(70, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer Is an amazing product. When I first applied this product I noticed it was so silky to touch and went on so smoothly. The scent was refreshing and not too strong. Normally my face stays dry especially this time of the year but after applying the moisturizer my face stayed soft and hydrated all day and night. Even fine lines seemed to fade. I will keep using this product and will be recommending it to friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Really loving all of the products but I would say this is my favorite! My face and wrinkles (LOL) are softer and less defined. It absorbs into the skin without feeling greasy! It has a clean fresh scent which a woman can appreciate! I definitely recommend L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Facial Moisturizer as you will see a more softer, not shiney look to your whole face!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(256, 269, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Come on through REVITALIFT LINE. THE SCENT THIS LINE HAS IS AMAZING. THE TEXTURE IS THICK AND CREAMY . THE MOISTURE MY FACE FEELS IN THIS SOUTHERN COLD IS 100. OK LET ME ALSO SAY I KNOW THIS IS FOR FACIAL AND NECK PURPOSE BUT I USE IT ON MY HANDS. THIS SOUTHERN COLD IS A BEAST ON MY HANDS AND I LIKE TO SAY IT WORKS ALL THE WAY AROUND.BACK TO MY FACE....I WEAR A NICE AMOUNT OF MAKEUP AND SOMETIMES PRIMERS SINK INTO MY SKIN. WITH L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep-Acting Facial Moisturizer this my primer and mousturizer. My skin has become tighter and MY GLOW FROM.WITH IN NO HIGHLIGHTER NEED. OVERALL I HAVE WENT AND BOUT MORE OF THE REVITALIFT FOR THOSE OF US WHO CANT AFFORD HIGHER END AND STILL WANT THOSE GREAT RESULTS GO OUT AND BUY THE ENTIRE.....ITS A MUST. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(432, 445, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great moisturizer. I've used this product twice a day for the past 3 weeks along with L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Concentrated Serum Treatment and L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Day Lotion Moisturizer (Broad Spectrum SPF 20). It has a very subtle, pleasant fragrance and I can already see and feel an improvement. I'm looking forward to seeing how effective it will be during the coming winter months when I seem to have even more dry skin issues. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(96, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so grateful to be added to this campaign for the L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Deep Acting FAcial Moisturizer. I used it for the first time last night and loved how it made my face feel. I can't wait to notice the difference after a week or so. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(54, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am an African American Middle Age women with very oily skin, just recently I start trying a product that my dermatologist prescribed for oily skin and acne prone skin. This new medication left my skin very dry and I have tried multiple moisturizers to help relieve the dryness. The majority of them, I tried left my skin Feeling or Oily all over. Until I tried L'Oreal Paris RevitaLift Triple Power Moisturizer. This moisturizer left my skin feeling clean smooth. My skin didn't appear to be full of greasers or oil. I would highly recommend this product for anyone who is using acne medication-and need to keep their skin hydrated. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(363, 376, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Color does not last long as the regular Just For Men hair die.. I had to use it twice instead of once for the regular. Thus, it's more expensive.", {'entities': [(40, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Overall a good product. I have used it on and off since it was introduced. I used to use the regular Just For Men hair color, but I have too much gray and it was incredibly obvious that I used hair color. Touch of Gray looks fairly natural and I get compliments instead the wow, you colored your hair! comments. The applicator is not designed well for short hair smaller teeth would greatly benefit application. Color looks fairly natural and it covers enough gray to make me look younger and still retain the gray hair distinguished look.', {'entities': [(101, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sent a box of Just For Men Touch of Gray in Black to try for free. After applying it twice to my husband it did not remove as much gray as I was hoping. However it did get rid of some of the gray. The applicator was a little messy, when the box arrives you are to place the comb on the end of the tube. You are to squeeze gently and the product comes out between the teeth of the comb. However due to the short length of my husbands hair I was having a problem getting the product to comb in evenly. I was coming out in globs close to the tube and very little near the end. However I removed the comb and rubbed the product in with my gloved hands, then combed with a fine tooth comb to spread the product evenly. It did so much better. It was easier to use than I thought and the smell was that of black henna, not a chemically smell that often comes with hair color. I would recommend it to individuals who have A Touch of Gray to cover, not the large areas my husband has.', {'entities': [(20, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What I like the best about Just For Men With A Touch of Gray is the look is much more natural looking than the regular Just For Men hair coloring. Especially if you are over 50 like myself, you want a little gray to show to have that old enough to know better but young enough to do it look, very few people have no gray hair by that age.', {'entities': [(27, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had great success for Just For Men products.', {'entities': [(29, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was a very big fan of the Just For Men H 60 Jet Black Hair color until they pulled the original formula from the shelf in the Augusta Ga area and went to this NO DRIP formula. The concept is nice but the product is poor!!!! The coloring doesn't last near as long as the original formula. A good thing gone bad in my opinion. If I had to make a complaint about the original formula it would have been the coloring didn't last long enough but now with this new NO DRIP formula the color fades away even quicker!!! It appear they got good ratings on the original H 60 formula. They should have at least posted both formulas and seen which one sold the best as opposed to totally eliminating the better product and not leaving their customers a choice but to purchase the NO DRIP under performing brand. I have quite a few friend that used this product in the past and we were totally satisfied up until they discontinued the original H 60 formula and went to this new NO DRIP formula. At this point we're saying good bye to a product that served us well in the past!!! I hope they consider putting the original formula back on the shelf in our area. If they haven't taken the original formula off the shelf in your area you may want to stock up with it. I'm sure we're not the only one's that don't like the change!", {'entities': [(28, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband used the Jet Black Just For Men. While it did not take out all of the grey, it took out enough to make a noticeable difference. It's as easy as shampooing your hair since you only leave it on for 5 minutes, we'd recommend doing it all in the shower. We tried it outside the shower it dripped a little on the bathroom floor. Since we didn't notice it until it had dried up, it cause quite some bit of staining, Doing this in the shower would allow any castoff dye to be washed away immediately. Overall, the dye application was easy the results were better than expected, As a black american with extremely coarse hair, I think that is the main reason why the color didn't take completely on his head. Would recommended this product to all of the men there that wanted to wash their gray away. The box says that it might last up to 6 weeks, but after just a few weeks, we're noticing that the gray is showing up enough to do a reapplication. And since my husband's beard has more gray than his head, I would recommend using the Jet For Men Beard at the same time. We didn't because my husband's face is extremely sensitive.", {'entities': [(30, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You should be offering coupons or free product for your reviewers.... Anyway, Just For Men medium color works just fine but requires the user to try a few boxes to get the exact application time down. Targets just the grey hair Not true. The chemical doesn't know which hairs are which color. Leave it on your hair too long and all your hair will be darker. The user should buy a box, pick a time to leave the solution in (like 6 minutes for example) and then rinse it out and check the result. The next time, you will know if you should leave the solution in longer or shorter. You'll also need to keep the number of days between treatments the same for reliable results. It would be nice if the product was a gel. Rinsing the liquid stain off in the shower can result in stains on the walls or ceiling.", {'entities': [(78, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am using Just For Men for the last 10 years. I did not have any problem until they started the new non-drip formula recently. First of all the gloves they supply are the cheapest in the market. The gloves should be sticking very close to the fingers so it is easy to apply the color. Secondly the color becomes so thick after mixing that it is very hard to apply. I can't beleive no one tested the new formula before they put into the market. I am sorry to say that if the new formula and gloves are not improved I have to switch to another brand.", {'entities': [(11, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used this product many times. I don't have too much hair to worry about, but what I have is almost all grey. Just For Men Haircolour covers all the grey, although the resulting colour is usually slightly lighter than anticipated after the prescribed 5 minutes (so I normally leave it a minute or so longer). Only real problem is the dye runs easily. However hard I try, I usually get some running down my cheek or neck.How about a gel form One other thing, because I wash my hair daily, the colour washes out within a few weeks. Overall, very satisfied with the product, especially with the 1 off vouchers I receive periodically.", {'entities': [(114, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried several of these Just For Men products and am currently using medium brown but I am 68 and the best product for me is the Ash Brown as it suits older men. However it never seems to be available at the stores I frequent for such products including the largest retailer in America, many large drugstore chains and any number of supermarkets. I find that perhaps only the four main colors are present on the shelves at any one time so I make do. Other than that criticism, I love the products themselves. They are quick and easy to use and have good results.', {'entities': [(30, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This colour closely matches my natural colour and is the same shade everytime I use it. My only concern is that not all stores that sell Just For Men sell this particular shade. I seem to be able to get it in only 2 stores at the moment, so I guess thats good enough.', {'entities': [(137, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using Just For Men i came to realize how it improved my look from gray to the selected colour that i had chosen, and i must say if you don't think it works trust me it really does. Take it from a man in his 40's who knows the results in the end.", {'entities': [(12, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used other products in the past and I feel that they did not look natural. Anyone could tell that I was using colour. Now that I am using Just For Men, no one knows, which is what I want. It seems to leave just a tinge of grey and the colour is not so drastic. Also with other products, my scalp would be extremely itchy for a few days after colouring and I do not experience this with this great product. I am totally sold on Just For Men Haircolour and have been using it for a few years now.', {'entities': [(145, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Just For Men for my mustache. The colour is good but I would like it to last a little longer.', {'entities': [(6, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I happy with using the Just For Men hair colouring for my beard as it blends in well for a natural look. I wonder if it could be premixed to make it even easier and faster to use. My wish would be for larger tubes so it would also last a little longer. Seems a little expensive for the amount you get. A little less packaging would also be nice for the enviroment - bonus in that it would also reduce the cost.', {'entities': [(23, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a long-time user of Just For Men, I was thrilled at the differences in new AutoStop vs. regular Just For Men. The no-mix and comb features make the whole process so simple. And there is no dripping!! Doing my color is now such a clean, fast and easy process. And I love the Auto Stop process itself: if I get wrapped up in a game or phone call, I know that the color won't get too dark and the process will stop by itself. You go Just For Men!! Thank you.", {'entities': [(23, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Kraus (model fvs-1007) quality product - easy install', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The faucet is excellent quality, very heavy stainless steel. Would recommend Kraus fixtures.', {'entities': [(77, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Looks great in our new bathroom. Perfect height with our Kraus vessel sink.', {'entities': [(57, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best face powder. It sets my make-up really well. Doesn't settle in any facial lines. I've been using Coty powder for many years. Wouldn't change to other brands.", {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I read many reviews and recommendations before buying this and thought it looked like a good option to pricier finishing powders. This was totally worth it! I'm so happy with the finish I get with Coty Airspun. I can vary the coverage, getting an airbrushed effect with a light hand, or rich color and coverage if needed, and it still looks great! This works great for the baking technique that is popular now. I agree with previous reviews that it has a slight astringent smell, but once applied, it isn't noticeable at all. I've tried Bare Minerals Mineral Veil and I don't see much of a difference, so save your money and pick up Coty Airspun Face Powder.", {'entities': [(197, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used powder that was 5 or 6 times the price of Coty's, and found this to be as good or better than those. I like that I can apply it over makeup in the morning, and it holds all day -- without any unpleasant changes in color. Re: Coverage -- Don't expect miracles it IS just a powder. But as powders go, it does a superb job. I put it on with a brush, then use a clean brush over it to remove all excess, so you don't have to worry about it staying in (and accentuating) wrinkles and creases. :-)", {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have literally been using this powder for 30 years. And before that, my grandmother used it all her life. It's actually funny that the packaging still looks the same as the ones I remember in my grandmother's dressing area as a child. Unfortunately, it is very hard to find now, which makes me nervous that Coty might discontinue making this. I PRAY NOT! I have never worn liquid foundation and don't know what I'd do if this product was not available to purchase. I searched ULTA for anything comparable and you can find loose powder in about a quarter of an ounce container for 20! I may be exaggerating a tad, but you get the picture. I am spoiled by Coty and cannot recommend it enough!!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(309, 313, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this powder for years and now find it hard to get except at Wal Mart. At 57 years old, I use a light moisturizer, light foundation, then finish with Coty powder using a large powder brush. People always remark about my skin and makeup. The powder sets your look beautifully and keeps looking wonderful all day.', {'entities': [(161, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my first-time usage of Coty's Airspun loose face powder, and I'm thrilled with the results. Plus the price. Using the enclosed puff, it goes on over moisturizer and foundation nicely. After blending it well with a foundation brush, even my twenty-year-old granddaughter commented: It doesn't cake in the lines. I couldn't be more pleased, because it lasts all day without a touch up. Thank you Walmart for carrying this.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You complain hi ladies if you're looking for a wonderful face powder to put on you without something that will keep you greasy looking for white looking for powdery looking look no more this is the stuff to buy. I am a makeup Guru and have tried nearly hundreds and hundreds of face powders. I have never felt anything go on my face so soft and silky and yet such a beautiful coverage!! I have an airbrush machine and after my trial size makeup was done I ordered no more the coverage from the airbrush machine cannot even compete with the Coty airspun powder. So ladies take my word for it try it just once what have you got to lose all you have to do is try it and if you don't like it return it and get your money back. I know once you try it though you will not return it you keep on buying it just like I am!", {'entities': [(540, 544, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Coty's power for years and hope they never discontinue it. Your store is one of the few places it can be purchased....and hope you keep selling it.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I stated using Coty, because I used to see my mother using it and my mother used to see her mom. Family tradition. But the Coty has changed thru the years, and it is the BEST loose powder that I can find in the today's market at a very good price. Thanks for keeping the product available.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Coty Powder for over 30 years. You simply cannot beat it. It covers great. Smells great. Goes on easily and lasts all day.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought this for my 96yr. old mother. She has been using Coty powder for as long as I can remember. I was not able to get it in the drug store anymore. She liked it, but said, it didn't smell the same.", {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this awesome powder for over 30 years. I adore it. I've tried other powders, but none have the perfect coverage that Coty does!", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Axe Phoenix has a great smell to it but about 20 minutes after applying the scent starts to make you feel sick. Also the product is very clumpy and gritty once you put it on, leaving it hard to wash off in the shower. This is definitely still the little boys or teenagers deodorant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Axe Phoenix has a great smell to it but about 20 minutes after applying the scent starts to make you feel sick. Also the product is very clumpy and gritty once you put it on, leaving it hard to wash off in the shower. This is definitely still the little boys or teenagers deodorant. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Axe Phoenix deodorant works great and smells great. It does work for 24 hrs. but, don't wear it with your favorite shirt because it does leave stains on clothing that is VERY hard to get out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 3, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Axe deodorant for many years and I have always liked their products. This deodorant was no exemption. I generally prefer the blue solid gel deodorants, but I really enjoyed this deodorant as well. This deodorant stick was very fragrant and kept me dry all day. I don't really sweat that much, so I don't need a very high level of protection, but I really liked this deodorant. The deodorant was very clean and fresh smelling, which i liked I don't really like heavy scents, so this was great for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the smell of this deodorant it isn't to strong but just right. But the smell does linger around which I don't like. But all in all it is the type of deodorant that you will want to buy in the stores. Now it is your time to become the Phoenix of Axe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(252, 255, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I should start by stating that I was hesitant to use a solid anti-perspirant deodorant, As I usually use a competitor's gel anti-perspirant. Images of stained shirts and white flakes all over my clothing is what came to mind before last week! For the past week I've been using Axe Phoenix anti-perspirant deodorant. I have to say, I love this! The deodorant formula, as well as the scent, is light, but lasts all day. The only problem is the deodorant itself tends to cake on the case/packaging after applying it, which can make a mess if you don't wipe it off before it dries. There's no flaking, or staining after application, or after a long day. All you need is a few strokes under each arm, and you are ready for the day. I run everyday, and this deodorant has not let me down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(277, 280, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I usually shy away from deodorant sticks this is only because they typically aren't strong enough. I tend to have a heavy sweat flow in my underarms, not so much odor but, just moisture. Therefore many stick antiperspirants are more focused on the odor aspect, so gels or cream antiperspirants tend to work better. I was pleasantly surprised when I tried this new Axe Phoenix stick, I haven't stopped using it since I received it. I'm so happy I decided to begin trying a strong yet mildly pleasant smelling standard stick deodorant/antiperspirant again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(364, 367, 'PRODUCT')]})
('when you first open the product and use it, its rough to put on feels very dry, after it warms up a little it seems to spread easily.... I had a friend try the Axe phoenix he said the white residue it leaves behind on the body is a problem for him. Smell is mild. I feel the product spreads too easily, uses too much too fast. Overall the Axe Phoenix holds up well and has a great smell to it. I am a very active person working in culinary arts and this product feels that it holds its smell for a long time. Thank you for the opportunity to try your product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(160, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Axe used to be the brand of prepubescent lads in a locker room who didn't know when to stop spraying. Now it's a brand that you don't have to be ashamed to have in your repitoir of hygiene products. It has a great lasting smell and competes well with other leading antiperspirants. I never noticed having any problems throughout the day at my job. However, like most I have tried it starts failing by the end of the day. I honestly can't tell a difference in the quality of scent in Axe compared to other brands. It's time to seriously consider Axe when buying hygiene products. It's not just your 13 year olds deodorant anymore. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 3, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Axe Phoenix anti-perspirant for about a month now. After receiving it from AXE for a chance to review . I work outside a lot and it keeps me nice and dry. It smells great! the harder you work the better you smell! It has a Long lasting sent! You still smell nice and fresh even after a hard day of work. I would apply this under your shirt. This could leave those white marks from putting on your shirt that we all know so well. I like how easy it it to move the stick up as the whole bottom turns. It is very convenient. All in all I'm very pleased and this will be my new go to brand of deodorant . This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I truthfully had very low expectations for Axe Phoenix Antiperspirant, all previous experiences with this brand was overpower fragrances that lasted less than an hour. I can now admit that I have never been so wrong. After using the Axe Phoenix Antiperspirant for around a week now I have come to the conclusion that this may be my new favorite! Now that you know how I feel, let me explain why Since I tend to have a very active job that forces me to sweet often having a deodorant that last is very important. After continues usage of this product I can say that I have no fears of it letting me down halfway throughout my day, and most likely would be able to be comfortable with using this product for over 24 hours, Yes! it holds up that well. In addition to the durability the scent of this antiperspirant is very appealing and seems to also last throughout the day. Now yes I truly enjoy this product and would use it daily, although there is one aspect that could be seen as a negative, this antiperspirant stick seems to be very dry. Due to this dryness little flakes of the stick due seem to come off occasionally. In addition to the flakes I have noticed, due to the dryness, that this product goes on best when used right after showering. All in all I personally enjoy using Axe Phoenix Antiperspirant and would highly recommend to others! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Let me just say that this has probably been one of the best Deodorants that I have ever used. I am a person who is very active and likes to run a lot. So, what I look for in deodorant is something that can have a long lasting scente that makes me feel fresh and keeps me smelling good and this deodorant did it for me. After going to the gym and working out I still smelled very good and this deodorant wicked away any moisture in my underarms. Axe Apollo was great and I will be buying more of this in the future I absolutely loved it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(445, 448, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The hunt for the perfect deodorant is over. Axe Phoenix goes on clean and leaves you feeling fresh all day long. I've recently had the pleasure of trying Axe Phoenix. The packaging design as well as the aroma are both very pleasant and inviting. Axe Phoenix applies nicely leaving you feeling refreshed and ready to go. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I want to start by saying that I have tried the Axe Phoenix before. However, it was the gel form. I am much more impressed with the solid deodorant because it actually holds on throughout the day! The gel type usually would only last about half the day and sometimes even less than that if I was super active. I can say that the solid deodorant is much better! It smells just as good as the gel form, but it lasts so much longer. I can actually workout and still be able to smell the deodorant and not have to worry about having to reapply it. I would highly recommend this product to anyone wanting to try it as I will more than likely be getting a few for myself as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Axe Phoenix smells incredible and provides protection throughout the entire day. I tried this deodorant specifically before a heavy workout at the gym to see how it would hold up, and I was pleasantly surprised! Comparing this to the degree deodorant I normally use, I am much happier with Axe - specifically the scent. I would definitely recommend this to other consumers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 3, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Let me start off by saying I despise the Axe spray. Not that it isn't A good smell, just some people like to shower in it. When I saw their deodorant I skeptical. It ended up being very nice. The smell was just enough that if someone used too much you wouldn't feel like you were being sucker punched by it. The smell was nice and clean. It didn't leave marks under my arms or on my clothes. The deodorant was so great my wife ended up swiping it from me. This would be well worth the money. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always liked Axe's sprays. Now that they have a good design and smelling Anti Perspirant stick, I'm very excited. So far I'm dry. The smell is good and I feel confident. Let's see how my skin reacts to it after a few days. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found a hair embedded in the outer layer of icing on the Power Crunch Protein Energy Bar, Peanut Butter flavor. ICK!!!', {'entities': [(59, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The company I work uses the Smead Green file backs with two fastners I have been using these for 3 years now. We have a filing closet wit hseveral filing cabinets where I am in charge of filing and keeping organized.. I have over 6000 files to organize and keep tidy. I love the Green File Folder fastners because they are strong and light and fit right in side by side. Some of these files date back to 2005 and the file folders are still strong and lasting after nearly 8 years!! Great Product! Lasting and Lasting. you can always recycle them too.', {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am doing a big reorganization project of family history material and I need folders that will hold up, hangers that slide easily on the track, folders that have sturdy slits for tabs, and several colors to help me differentiate major divisions. And the price was very competitive. This Smead product did it all.', {'entities': [(288, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bright colors is an understatement for these hanging file folders. My office files are easy to manage by color code and the matching file folders are an awesome accent to my files. I have color coded my important files and they make easier to find what I need. They are durable and Smead is the brand I trust for my files.', {'entities': [(282, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently updated my filing system and had a wide variety of hanging folders and files to choose from. Knowing the quality of the brand that Snead offers, I chose the Hanging File Folders in letter size, in purple. These are truly high quality hanging folders and I anticipate using them for a long time to come. They maintain their shape and can handle a good volume of material. We use hanging folders occasionally as a storing house for papers until they are able to be filed. The Smead hanging file folders do a great job of corralling the paperwork and keeping things contained. I couldn't ask for better performance. It's nice when a product surpasses expectations.", {'entities': [(485, 490, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hanging file folders are wonderful for organizing, especially for a visual person like me, and these colors Smead has are PERFECT! Also, Smead's hanging folders are very sturdy, which makes voluminous projects like mine a piece of cake!", {'entities': [(108, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hanging file folders may not seem like a big deal at all until you don't have them or they are of poor quality. Smead file folders are very sturdy and user-friendly. They last forever and the color choices are pleasant to the eye and great for further organizing documents.", {'entities': [(112, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Smead Hanging File Folders. They come in many different colors so I am able to organize my files at work by file folder color. I am a teacher, so having each class a different color really helps when I am looking for something or filing. I've even gotten the other teachers to do the same thing. Organizing made simple!!! Thanks Smead!", {'entities': [(13, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was recently hired at an air conditioning company to organize their filing system. Upon doing so, I found papers under folders, behind cabinets and crinkled and crumpled. Long story short, I purchased the rainbow colored adjustable tab file folders in bulk. They can hold everything I need them to hold. They have lasted for 3 years thus far, and are still hanging tough. I love your products and will never, I mean never use any other brand!! Thanks for making such an awesome product!! :) Ever since my trapper keeper days, Smead has been around to fit my needs.', {'entities': [(528, 533, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The quality of Smead folders is incredible. They are durable and last a long time for multiple uses.', {'entities': [(15, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Smead Jewel Tones Hanging Folders made organizing my desk and files extremely easy. The folders come in varying colors from grey to turquoise. Being a very visual person, these folders made it that much easier to label, file, and find all my documents. Finally, my desk and all its contents are right where they need to be. Thanks Smead!', {'entities': [(4, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been needing to organize my important papers for too long. I decided to start organizing. I purchased Smead's green hanging folders along with a file box. I am impressed with the quality of the folders and the tabs that came with them. It was very affordable and came in my favorite color! I am a satisfied customer.", {'entities': [(109, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased red Smead hanging file folders so that I could organize my office files. I am extremely pleased with this product because it is durable and well made. I particularly like the matching red labels that I can position on the front or the back of the folder. Several of my colleagues gave me compliments on my new hanging file folders and they are going to purchase them as well for their files.', {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use a two drawer filing cabinet at home for my personal papers. Smead hanging files in different colors make it so easy to find exactly what I need at a glance. I categorize my paperwork and file each type in a certain color folder. For example, my home and auto insurance policies are in a red folder. My health insurance policies are in a yellow folder. Not only does this enable me to quickly find what I need, I love the way it it looks in my cabinet!', {'entities': [(66, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Smead hanging file folders are the best because they come in beautiful colors! You can organize all your file boxes with all your favorite colors! I use aqua, lavender, blue for business, household, personal :) It makes filing easy peasy so pretty - plus - it makes finding the right file fast effortless! If you want filing to be a joy, then I definitely recommend using Smead hanging file folders in all their rainbow colors :)', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is so exciting in the summer time when school is out, because I get to set up new files for the upcoming school year. Nothing looks better than opening a drawer and seeing all new Smead hanging file folders ready for a new school year to begin. It just makes my day.', {'entities': [(183, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Smead makes a quality product, I know I've been using them for years. The hanging folders are an amazing value, you can get them in multiple colors to easily color code your accounts or AR/AP files. It's cool, every time I want something to help me keep from misfiling my paperwork, or I need to do something different. Smead always has a product for what I want it seems. Thanks", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I prefer Smead to any other brand of file folder they've been my go-to for more than 25 years! Sturdy and nearly-indestructible folders come in an array of vibrant, cheerful colors.", {'entities': [(9, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The bright colors help you eye-up associated files quickly and efficiently. These are sturdy, and year after year I switch out my yearly papers and find that I do not need to replace any of the hanging files. They are durable, well-made, and easy to label and use! I won't use any other brand now. I've been Spoiled by Smead!", {'entities': [(319, 324, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased these folders for my new filing cabinet at the end of my senior year in HS when I suddenly realized a mistake in my HS career. disorganization. I noticed that my fluttering papers and cluttered room contributed to my laziness and poor work ethic. I realized there was only one who could help me: Dr. Smead. His prescription was just what the doctor ordered.', {'entities': [(312, 317, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very pleased when my husband brought home these hanging folders. I wasn't as familiar with Smead products as I was with one of the competing brands. When I saw the savings for the same quality...I said thank you honey, you done good!", {'entities': [(97, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('To be successful as a new teacher you need to be organized and on top of each and every day in elementary school. Smead helps me to do just that while looking fun and stylish with the great colors. Thanks a lot for helping me be successful as a first year teacher!', {'entities': [(114, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use the Smead hanging files to maintain a house file in a plastic tote. I store manuals/instructions for things in the house like furnace, air conditioner, washer, dryer, range, dishwasher, etc. Plus there is space in the tote for plastic bags of parts. I know where I can find everything and whenever I sell my house, I'll give the tote to the new owners to help them out.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased these Smead file folders based on an idea I saw on Pinterest where you place children's artwork in a file folder for each year of their life and save it all in a file storage bin. I just got done with creating ours and am very happy with this product. The folders are sturdy and the colors are great. It was very easy creating the labels and placing them inside the plastic tabs. I am confident that these will last and am happy to now have a place to store my daughter's projects.", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a professional organizer, I could not run my business without Smeads Green hanging folders. When I install the Filing System I use, Green is the monthly filing system. I need 24 for 2 years. Love them. They are sturdy and get my clients off to a good start. I buy them in bulk. Can't get along without them! Thank you SMEAD!", {'entities': [(65, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I asked for one of the small tubs of Vaseline for Christmas because I absolutely love the Vaseline brand, and this was super sticky! I was so disappointed, but I tried the small tubs of Vaseline (original and rosy lips), and those were just fine. Weird!', {'entities': [(37, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I asked for one of the small tubs of Vaseline for Christmas because I absolutely love the Vaseline brand, and this was super sticky! I was so disappointed, but I tried the small tubs of Vaseline (original and rosy lips), and those were just fine. Weird!', {'entities': [(37, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Vaseline's Cocoa Butter petroleum jelly and like the coconut-y scent so much that I decided to get this balm but I find this doesn't smell as nice as the petroleum jelly as it smells a bit more fake - a tad less coconut-y coconut with something else, like pina colada. I have been using their Original unscented balm and I like that more. Somehow I find this Cocoa Butter one feels slightly more thin and a smidgen less moisturising than Original. I most likely wouldn't buy this one again but I'd get Original again.", {'entities': [(12, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Vaseline starts working instantly! your lips start to fill so plump and smooth! it also stays on longer!', {'entities': [(4, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will definitely be buying more I love the cocoa butter Vaseline because it smells awesome', {'entities': [(57, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It actually lasts on the lips. After using the EOS lip balms that look cute but dried my lips out, the Vaseline Cocoa Butter lip therapy has fixed my lips and made them feel soft again. The smell is amazing as well and I cannot wait to try the rosy tinted one )', {'entities': [(103, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product is amazing. I've always wanted a lip product that give my lips a sort of glow and keeps it moisturized. This Vaseline lip therapy does this and even adds a gloss that isn't too overbearing! Absolutely love this product.", {'entities': [(122, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is one of the best products I ever bought. I know that any time my lips feel dry I can put this on and my lips feel better. They are smooth and moisturized because of this product. I love the barrier the Vaseline creates.', {'entities': [(209, 217, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had no idea that Vaseline had a product just for lips. So my lips were cracked on both sides, so I tried it and 2 days later... My Lips We're Healed!!!", {'entities': [(19, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have eczema of the face and incredibly dry skin to boot. This stuff is worth the extra cost over basic Vaseline as it wears thicker and coats the skin and lips. It has helped ease the eczema flares and provides the long lasting moisture my skin apparently craves. It doesn't agitate anything either. I love this and swear by it.", {'entities': [(105, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have chronic angular cheilitis, which basically means my lips tear like they're made of tissue paper. My doctor told me to try Vaseline, and I saw this at the store. It smells great, stays on really well, and is literally the only thing to help my lip tearing. Thank goodness for this product! The only thing that could make it better is SPF, because I'm afraid the glossiness in the summer. Also, the packaging is really cute but it's hard to get the product out of the container when it starts to get near the bottom. I have long nails, so it's okay, but if a man with larger fingers and short nails was trying to, it might be extra difficult. Might think about a squeeze tube or something.", {'entities': [(129, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Burt's Bees user for almost a decade now. With the cold weather this season, my lips have been incredibly dry despite the regular application of Burt's Bees. I remembered that someone had given me the cocoa butter Vaseline lip therapy to try so when I got home that night, I decided to apply it. I cannot tell you how incredibly wonderful this product is. I never thought I would say this, but I will never go back to Burt's Bees. My lips have NEVER felt so moisturized. On top of it all, I don't have to apply it nearly as often as I would with the Burt's Bees. I cannot say it enough- this product is wonderful and I am so glad I gave it a try.", {'entities': [(228, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have angry skin in general, I'll spare you the list, but this year has been especially bad. I have been trying different things but (a) I'm really picky, (b) when my lips are chapped I want totally clear so it doesn't stick to teeth, and (c) I hate most flavors as they make me feel nauseated, so I've not found anything that I fell in love with. On top of that, some actually caused an itchy rash *around* my lips! I also wanted to grab some regular Vaseline for a rash my doctor recommended it for, and I thought it may help my lips...I actually think the container is super cute and just use the back of my nail to get it out, and rub any excess on my hands. Immediately I fell in love with the very light scent and shine, and keep expecting to need more only to find it is still on after meals, drinking throughout the day, talking, etc. Also since its clear I can put around the edges of my lips and the side creases where mine crack without looking like a clown. It feels...absolutely luxurious. I also can put my regular lipstick on with Vaseline Lip Therapy over it for protection and shine. I've been reading about other uses for regular Vaseline and am so hopeful for other skin irritations they haventvreally been able to fix, that at least I can get some relief! So yes, I am thrilled with my cute little jar and plan to stock up - definitely recommend to anyone for year-round use!", {'entities': [(453, 461, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Where do I begin! I have eczema chronically, so my skin can be very sensitive. Recently, I saw my dermatologist because my face was AWFUL (breaking out, itchy, cracking, etc)... turns out, I had angular cheilitis, oral thrush, AND perioral dermatitis. What the heck! My doctor told me that most lip products further irritate the condition because of all the additives, so he recommended Vaseline. I tried the regular Vaseline, but it was too runny for me... but the Cocoa Butter Vaseline... WOW!! It applies thicker than the regular variety and soothes my irritated lips.', {'entities': [(387, 395, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Believe my I've used many kinds of chap stick, and unlike most other chap stick brands, Vaseline soothes your lips and deeply penetrates them. Most chap stick moisturizes the surface of your lips then dries out the rest of the lip, including the surface! One of my favorite things about it is that it last's so much longer than any other leading brand's when your drinking anything, in the shower, or even swimming Vaseline stay's tight to your lip's. That's why I love Vaseline's lip therepy. They even have it colored pink for dressy occasions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(88, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I take Accutane, an acne medication that drys your skin out. My lips are effected the most and I constantly put Chapstick on. I saw the Vaseline lip therapy at the store and decided to try it. I will never use another Chapstick again! This product is amazing! It feels nice going on, smells and tastes so good and locks in moisture leaving my lips feeling better than ever. Highly recommend this product to anyone with dry lips.', {'entities': [(136, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Carrying this around and dipping my finger into it does not work well in my profession as a Registered Nurse. I work in the operating room and the masks dry out my lips. Vaseline is the only thing that works. I loved the Cherry in the tube (which I WISH you'd bring back!!!!)...but my favorite Vaseline flavor is the cocoa butter. Please, please, please make this in the tube!! This nurse would thank you over and over!!", {'entities': [(170, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Vaseline Cocoa Butter Lip Therapy Tin that I received in my free Influenster December VoxBox for the past couple of days and I'm in love. My lips have been extremely chapped from our horrible weather lately and product that I had been using didn't provide any relief at all. As soon as I received the box in the mail I put it on right away and I've been reapplying ever since. I'm on day 3 now and my chapped lips are now soft, smooth and very kissable (at least that's what the hubby says). This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is literally a lifesaver. I have the worst chapped lips over the winter and this product completely changes that (almost instantly!) I was experiencing some dryness after using a different product and starting using Vaseline and the dryness went away within a day. Will never use another product!', {'entities': [(229, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received the Vaseline Lip Therapy Cocoa Butter version in an easy to carry tin (yay!) for review. It's darn good! I already plan to pick up the Aloe version as soon as it's in stores. First thing I noticed is the size of the tin. It isn't an itty bitty tin you can barely get a pinky finger in. This is a very nice size: not so small you'll run out in a week and not so big you can't pop it into a small side pocket in your purse. Next thing I noticed was the the very soft, nice scent when I opened the tin. To my nose, it's not entirely a cocoa butter scent. Maybe a super-faint baby lotion type of scent But it's by no means overwhelming or something to deter you from trying. My lips were well moisturized for an extended period of time: I'd say longer than when I use regular Cocoa butter, but about the same as with one of the mentholated chapsticks. Pro Not sticky Super convenient to use and carry Not too small a decent amount of product Cons It comes in a tin, which means you'll have to use your fingers or buy some type of small tool to dip into the tin and spread on your lips. (Some people prefer this though) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Every winter my lips become painfully chapped. 10x worse then my husband or kids I'm not sure why. Every year I rush to the store to find some relief! This year I wanted to get ahead of it and get chapstick before my lips got bad. Vaseline lip therapy Cocoa butter caught my attention, I absolutely LOVE IT! My lips haven't chapped AT ALL which is a blessing. I don't have to contenuassly apply it so that's always a plus and the smell and feel of it is lovely. Before I found this my lips became painfully chapped and embarrassing. I hated to kiss my husband cause of how they felt and looked. Now thanx to this product I havent have that problem. I NEVER EVER write reviews especially this long HAHA but I assure you this product is amazing.", {'entities': [(231, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Carrying this around and dipping my finger into it does not work well in my profession as a Registered Nurse. I work in the operating room and the masks dry out my lips. Vaseline is the only thing that works. I loved the Cherry in the tube (which I WISH you'd bring back!!!!)...but my favorite Vaseline flavor is the cocoa butter. Please, please, please make this in the tube!! This nurse would thank you over and over!!", {'entities': [(170, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Every winter my lips become painfully chapped. 10x worse then my husband or kids I'm not sure why. Every year I rush to the store to find some relief! This year I wanted to get ahead of it and get chapstick before my lips got bad. Vaseline lip therapy Cocoa butter caught my attention, I absolutely LOVE IT! My lips haven't chapped AT ALL which is a blessing. I don't have to contenuassly apply it so that's always a plus and the smell and feel of it is lovely. Before I found this my lips became painfully chapped and embarrassing. I hated to kiss my husband cause of how they felt and looked. Now thanx to this product I havent have that problem. I NEVER EVER write reviews especially this long HAHA but I assure you this product is amazing.", {'entities': [(231, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have angry skin in general, I'll spare you the list, but this year has been especially bad. I have been trying different things but (a) I'm really picky, (b) when my lips are chapped I want totally clear so it doesn't stick to teeth, and (c) I hate most flavors as they make me feel nauseated, so I've not found anything that I fell in love with. On top of that, some actually caused an itchy rash *around* my lips! I also wanted to grab some regular Vaseline for a rash my doctor recommended it for, and I thought it may help my lips...I actually think the container is super cute and just use the back of my nail to get it out, and rub any excess on my hands. Immediately I fell in love with the very light scent and shine, and keep expecting to need more only to find it is still on after meals, drinking throughout the day, talking, etc. Also since its clear I can put around the edges of my lips and the side creases where mine crack without looking like a clown. It feels...absolutely luxurious. I also can put my regular lipstick on with Vaseline Lip Therapy over it for protection and shine. I've been reading about other uses for regular Vaseline and am so hopeful for other skin irritations they haventvreally been able to fix, that at least I can get some relief! So yes, I am thrilled with my cute little jar and plan to stock up - definitely recommend to anyone for year-round use!", {'entities': [(453, 461, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Vaseline Cocoa Butter Lip Therapy Tin that I received in my free Influenster December VoxBox for the past couple of days and I'm in love. My lips have been extremely chapped from our horrible weather lately and product that I had been using didn't provide any relief at all. As soon as I received the box in the mail I put it on right away and I've been reapplying ever since. I'm on day 3 now and my chapped lips are now soft, smooth and very kissable (at least that's what the hubby says). This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received the Vaseline Lip Therapy Cocoa Butter version in an easy to carry tin (yay!) for review. It's darn good! I already plan to pick up the Aloe version as soon as it's in stores. First thing I noticed is the size of the tin. It isn't an itty bitty tin you can barely get a pinky finger in. This is a very nice size: not so small you'll run out in a week and not so big you can't pop it into a small side pocket in your purse. Next thing I noticed was the the very soft, nice scent when I opened the tin. To my nose, it's not entirely a cocoa butter scent. Maybe a super-faint baby lotion type of scent But it's by no means overwhelming or something to deter you from trying. My lips were well moisturized for an extended period of time: I'd say longer than when I use regular Cocoa butter, but about the same as with one of the mentholated chapsticks. Pro Not sticky Super convenient to use and carry Not too small a decent amount of product Cons It comes in a tin, which means you'll have to use your fingers or buy some type of small tool to dip into the tin and spread on your lips. (Some people prefer this though) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It actually lasts on the lips. After using the EOS lip balms that look cute but dried my lips out, the Vaseline Cocoa Butter lip therapy has fixed my lips and made them feel soft again. The smell is amazing as well and I cannot wait to try the rosy tinted one )', {'entities': [(103, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Where do I begin! I have eczema chronically, so my skin can be very sensitive. Recently, I saw my dermatologist because my face was AWFUL (breaking out, itchy, cracking, etc)... turns out, I had angular cheilitis, oral thrush, AND perioral dermatitis. What the heck! My doctor told me that most lip products further irritate the condition because of all the additives, so he recommended Vaseline. I tried the regular Vaseline, but it was too runny for me... but the Cocoa Butter Vaseline... WOW!! It applies thicker than the regular variety and soothes my irritated lips.', {'entities': [(387, 395, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Vaseline starts working instantly! your lips start to fill so plump and smooth! it also stays on longer!', {'entities': [(4, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will definitely be buying more I love the cocoa butter Vaseline because it smells awesome', {'entities': [(57, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Burt's Bees user for almost a decade now. With the cold weather this season, my lips have been incredibly dry despite the regular application of Burt's Bees. I remembered that someone had given me the cocoa butter Vaseline lip therapy to try so when I got home that night, I decided to apply it. I cannot tell you how incredibly wonderful this product is. I never thought I would say this, but I will never go back to Burt's Bees. My lips have NEVER felt so moisturized. On top of it all, I don't have to apply it nearly as often as I would with the Burt's Bees. I cannot say it enough- this product is wonderful and I am so glad I gave it a try.", {'entities': [(228, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Believe my I've used many kinds of chap stick, and unlike most other chap stick brands, Vaseline soothes your lips and deeply penetrates them. Most chap stick moisturizes the surface of your lips then dries out the rest of the lip, including the surface! One of my favorite things about it is that it last's so much longer than any other leading brand's when your drinking anything, in the shower, or even swimming Vaseline stay's tight to your lip's. That's why I love Vaseline's lip therepy. They even have it colored pink for dressy occasions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(88, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product is amazing. I've always wanted a lip product that give my lips a sort of glow and keeps it moisturized. This Vaseline lip therapy does this and even adds a gloss that isn't too overbearing! Absolutely love this product.", {'entities': [(122, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is one of the best products I ever bought. I know that any time my lips feel dry I can put this on and my lips feel better. They are smooth and moisturized because of this product. I love the barrier the Vaseline creates.', {'entities': [(209, 217, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have eczema of the face and incredibly dry skin to boot. This stuff is worth the extra cost over basic Vaseline as it wears thicker and coats the skin and lips. It has helped ease the eczema flares and provides the long lasting moisture my skin apparently craves. It doesn't agitate anything either. I love this and swear by it.", {'entities': [(105, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have chronic angular cheilitis, which basically means my lips tear like they're made of tissue paper. My doctor told me to try Vaseline, and I saw this at the store. It smells great, stays on really well, and is literally the only thing to help my lip tearing. Thank goodness for this product! The only thing that could make it better is SPF, because I'm afraid the glossiness in the summer. Also, the packaging is really cute but it's hard to get the product out of the container when it starts to get near the bottom. I have long nails, so it's okay, but if a man with larger fingers and short nails was trying to, it might be extra difficult. Might think about a squeeze tube or something.", {'entities': [(129, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to use this years ago and it has always given amazing results however the smell of it is what turned me off from continuing to purchase it. I only purchase it every once in awhile when my hands are extremely dry and wrinkly looking. When it comes to skin and hair products I am all about the fragrance....it has to smell good as well as work good so that I can smell good when wearing it! I just don't like the weird harsh almost chemical disinfectant-like fragrance of this lotion and wish that Vaseline would change it!!! If this lotion smelled like cherries or coconut or vanilla I would buy it by the gallon!!!", {'entities': [(503, 511, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using this hand lotion a while back and noticed a difference in my hands appearance and my nails have for sure been stronger with no splitting, it has also healed my dry cuticles. I keep one at my desk and on my nightstand. I use bleach and other cleaning products at home which dry my hands out and ever since I started using the Vaseline Healthy Hands my hands have been nice and smooth with nice nails and cuticles. I really wish this was sold in a larger bottle as I like to apply at least 3 times a day.', {'entities': [(341, 349, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love this product. I buy this every summer it does wonders for my nails. I hope they never quit making this product. I get compliments on my nails every summer get asked what I use that my nails are so nice strong...I show them my bottle of Vaseline Intensive care for hands nails!! I'm not kidding people think my nails are fake, they're so perfect!", {'entities': [(254, 262, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using this hand lotion a while back and noticed a difference in my hands appearance and my nails have for sure been stronger with no splitting, it has also healed my dry cuticles. I keep one at my desk and on my nightstand. I use bleach and other cleaning products at home which dry my hands out and ever since I started using the Vaseline Healthy Hands my hands have been nice and smooth with nice nails and cuticles. I really wish this was sold in a larger bottle as I like to apply at least 3 times a day.', {'entities': [(341, 349, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife uses this lotion several times a day after washing her hands and before going to bed. She has very soft hands and healthy nails. She always carries a tube of this lotion in her handbag also. I use the lotion during dry cold winter months when my hands tend to get dry and I am very pleased with the results. We would definitely recommend the Vaseline Total Moisture Hand Nail Conditioning Lotion.', {'entities': [(350, 358, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Excellent product used it for over 40 years.my entire families used these Vaseline product as well.even shipped it to them overseas.for children as well as for adults.use it everyday my self.', {'entities': [(74, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have worn fake nails for years because my own nails where so weak and brittle. But since I started using the Vaseline Healthy Hands stronger nails I have ditched the fakes and love the look and feel of my real nails. My only wish is that it came in a larger size. I keep a tube at my desk, in my purse, in my gym bag, in my car, by the kitchen sink and by my bed. I love this stuff and the way it keeps my hands soft and helping me grown my nails!', {'entities': [(111, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love this product. I have very dry hands and my nails were never very strong. This lotion really helps with both of those issues. I just don't understand why Vaseline (Unilever) decided to stop selling the larger pump bottle version. It's my fault, I suppose. Every time I find something I really like, the company changes it. It was so nice to have a bottle on my desk at work and another one at home. Then I would carry the small tube in my purse. There are plenty of other Vaseline lotions in pump bottles which I would omit long before this one. PLEASE bring it back!!! (I said please!). Thanks!!", {'entities': [(167, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have very dry hands and this works great!! Since it's Vaseline I expected it to be greasy, but it's not at all. It dries quickly which is very nice and after it dries it doesn't have a scent (which I like also)", {'entities': [(56, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tostitos Tortilla Chips, but I didn't get to eat any of these because the bag was completely opened, like someone had cut it open with scissors from one end to the other. Half the bag was gone and several of them were scattered around the box. This was more than a shipping problem, it appears someone had a snack.", {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are very tasty, fresh, crisp like all the Tostitos brand items but having them shipped was a really bad idea. The different warehouses vary and some do well with items like these and others do not. The one that shipped these did not. They came with heavier objects on all 4 sides and even on top so I ended up with half a bag of broken chips and half a bag of crumbs. (', {'entities': [(48, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tostitos. My problem is it was shipped with a case of Gatorade. Not only were they smashed to bits the bag had popped open.', {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tostitos have long been a favorite of mine even tho they don't have a 'Hint of Lime' also well liked, but I decided I like the 'Bite Size' best because I can put the whole thing in my mouth. If U are sharing - no need for anyone to 'double-dip' I consider that a very good thing. So U are wondering why I only gave it 3 stars - right Because I have trouble eating such a big bag before stale sets in. However I have a solution for this problem - a multi-pack that isn't a mix - just Tostitos. Then I can open 1 bag eat it in 2 or 3 days the other bags stay fresh unopened until I get to them. Once a bag is opened it is only going to stay fresh for so long. The smaller personal size bag is the right size to take in a lunch, take in the car etc. If U have company want to serve Tostitos - U don't have to risk serving 'stale, rancid chips' that is a big plus.", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tostitos always has good quality. I'm not a huge fan of the bite size cause they are just a tad to small. But they make for good nachos and such", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the bite size Tostitos.They are more manageable with salsa and dips. I will buy them again. I wish they were two dollars instead of three.', {'entities': [(21, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There Tostitos, what more do you have to say :)', {'entities': [(6, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tostitos Crispy Rounds were okay. I would like to have Tostios Round Bites instead. The last two weeks Wal-Mart at Zion's Crossroad have not had the on the shelf. You need to have the supplier have these avaiable for you customers.", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great taste and can be paired with your favorite Tostitos dip.', {'entities': [(49, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tostitos are the way to go...love them in the scoops, rolls and rounds!', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tostitos Bite Size are a great chip. Great flavor and they make up great nachos. I love the size because you can eat the whole chip at the same time. Goes great with bean dip or salsa.', {'entities': [(6, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These taste better than any of the other Tostitos chips to me.', {'entities': [(41, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tostitos bite size was good product I recommend', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love these bite size chips, Tostitos Bite Size chips are the greatest, if you have not tried them you must, after one bag you will be hooked', {'entities': [(31, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("An excellent product. Tostitos is the only brand I've bought in the past couple of years. I've never purchased a bad bag...always crispy.", {'entities': [(22, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tostitos chips are my go to chip no exception!', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tostitos are wonderful!! I use them for taco salad,nachos, or to eat with salsa they are very good', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are the only Tostitos that I like,as far as size, no points, and more puff than the minis. My question is why does my Walmart carry 6 or 7 different Tostitos types, but not these.', {'entities': [(19, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great combo with Tostitos Chunky Salsa.', {'entities': [(17, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Doesn't taste exactly like what you'd get at Starbucks, but still really good!", {'entities': [(45, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use a lot of Dermalogica products and this is one of them. Love this cleansing gel. Its great for my skin and leaves my face feeling soft and clean. I highly recommend this product for people with acne prone skin as it works well for that.', {'entities': [(15, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I sweat a lot-even when I'm sitting still. I struggled for years to find a quality anti-persperent or deterrent that worked for me. I eventually found a product and stuck with it for years until my doctor inquired about my aluminum intake due my family history with Alzheimers disease. I must have tried over 30 natural deodorant that were aluminum free and nothing worked. Either my BO was unbearable or I ruined shirts from excess sweating. I never thought that I would be able to find anything that worked that didn't have aluminum.Until now. Dermalogica is the real deal. Long lasting, free of aluminum and smells great(for men or women, my girlfriend is now using it).Highly recommend this product for anyone who is looking for a strong deodorant that is not harmful to your health. The extra money you spend now is a bargain compared to using an inferior, aluminum based product that may cost your health and wellness in the future.", {'entities': [(546, 557, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We bought this set after our wedding and it's exactly the style we wanted and the right price. BUT the assembly took forever! My husband and I even said it would have been worth spending a little more money and buying something already built. We bought 1x South Shore Bilbao 5 Drawer Dresser - Gray Oak, 2x South Shore Bilbao 6 Drawer Dressers - Gray Oak & 2x South Shore Bilbao 2 Drawer Nightstands - Gray Oak. 5 pieces of furniture equalled out to 3 nights of work in the evenings after work plus a Saturday and Sunday afternoon. We're relieved that we're done assembling and our bedroom looks amazing!", {'entities': [(256, 267, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Africa's Best to relax mine and my daughter's hair for years! And you absolutely canNOT beat WalMart's price on it. Will be a staple in my bathroom cabinet for ever!", {'entities': [(16, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just got and used a mini packet of this with my first-ever try of Naturtint hair color (the most gentle hair color I''ve ever used...saying allot)! Their shampoo was also included, and it is good. But this Multiplier is extremely impressive with how slippery and revitalizing it is. And it actually foams up HUGE...WOW! Upon using the hair color and then using this Multiplier, my amount of hair shed was near to nothing...there''s a 1st! My hair is shoulder-length, baby-fine, average density and graying at roots. Texture changed with age (47) from slick-straight to wavy with fly-away ends/outer layer. To curb damage, I only co-wash every other day, and I only shampoo with monthly with Argan Oil Rx7. I''m so glad to have found these NATURAL hair products from Naturtint...they perform so GREAT. I doubt I will ever use anything else again!", {'entities': [(68, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('To be honest, I grew up with an amazing old cast iron wood burning stove and have been pretty spoiled by its longevity and quality. I am now building my own home and needed a medium size stove for my small space. I had done my research and this Pleasant Hearth stove seemed like a good fit. I took careful note of the measurements because my husband and I wanted a firebox big enough for medium to large pieces of wood. We have NOT tested the stove yet as it is still summer, however, just on first inspection, it had some issues...When we went to pick up the stove, a forklift brought it over to our car on what turned out to be a broken (crushed to pieces!) pallet so that when we drove it over an hour to our house, it leaned frighteningly in the back. We would have asked for a different pallet but the stove itself was screwed to what was left of one of the slats. Fortunately, none of the legs were bent.When we got the stove home and unwrapped it, I was SHOCKED at how small the actual firebox opening is! PLEASE NOTE: the picture online and on the box of the stove is seriously misleading: the picture shows a huge glowing fire behind a lovely glass door. In reality, the glass door is way bigger than where you actually stick the wood in so when you are looking at your nice glowing fire, you only really see a small narrow section of it.Another issue that has yet to be seriously tested is the spot welding all over the stove. The big stove I grew up with is welded all around very securely. This Pleasant Hearth stove has all of these weird little spots of welding here and there that I \'m concerned may not stand the test of time.My last major issue with this stove is the coiled wire handles that come with it. There are two of them and the instructions say they should "screw on" easily. NOT the case! My husband spent two hours cranking on them and tooling them to fit.Like I said, we have not used the stove yet. It has not gotten us through a winter yet. I am hoping that it will. Overall, for $800, I wish that it had been closer to perfect.', {'entities': [(245, 260, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We really enjoy our Pleasant Hearth 1800 wood stove. It came damaged because the manufacturer bolts the legs to a pallet which isn't strong enough for transportation. So, the pallet was smashed, the cardboard shipping box was in tatters, the stove legs were bent, and back metalwork was dented. But we were only interested in using it as an insert - so nothing that was damaged mattered. Works great!", {'entities': [(20, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Did a lot of shopping around for this piece since winter is all about fires in the fireplace. Pleasant Hearth serves our purpose completely, even when my husband throws huge logs on.', {'entities': [(94, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE this Lynk Professional Pull Out Cutting Board and Bakeware Sliding Cabinet Organizer. It keeps everything together and in one place. So now when I go to get cookie pans out the cooling racks are right next to them. So easy. I also like that you don't have the cookie sheets (or pans) sitting on the bottom of the cabinet with everything sitting on top of them and I have to pull everything out and put everything back before I can even start baking the cookies. And after that I'd have to start trying to find the cooling racks!! This is definitely better!! As far as installing this product, there was absolutely no problem. Lynk gives you everything you'll need including extra screws!! Takes about 5 min. from unboxing product to having finished product completely installed. It was so unbelievably fast. We've installed this cutting board/cookie sheet (pan)/cooling racks roll out organizer and 10 other roll out cabinet organizers from Lynks and although they aren't cheap, we think they're worth it. Target got the product to us quickly, it arrived in 3 days with no rips or tears in the packaging and product itself was packaged very well with no problems.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Plum Organics is a great brand because as it says, it's JUST the fruit : no sugar added, no artificial nothing and a great taste....The only reason why I rated only 4 stars is that there is water in it and this added water makes the puree too liquid.", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Batherapy mineral baths are a delightful addition to any hot soak, from the tub to the jacuzzi. The camphor and eucalyptus are great when trying to get over a cold, but are soothing and healing anytime. Helps to relax muscles and wash away stress!', {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Best lip balm ever! Huge amount of usable product that stays put. Used to love another brand that supposedly was made by bees but in comparison to Soothing Touch it feels like water on my lips now. Delicious Yogi Tea-inspired flavor that tastes good enough to eat and is super all-natural to boot.', {'entities': [(147, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other more expensive brands, but ALWAYS find myself coming back to ERA. It is a fantastic pre-treater, stain remover and all around great soap. There have been times where I have forgotten to pre treat our clothes, and once I remember, I find I worried for nothing! Clothes come out clean EVERY time. Love this product not just for the stain fighting, smell but also for the price! That is very important to me with having a family on a budget. Thanks Era for giving me such an awesome Detergent!! Now all we need is a fabric softener.. wink wink..', {'entities': [(465, 468, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other more expensive brands, but ALWAYS find myself coming back to ERA. It is a fantastic pre-treater, stain remover and all around great soap. There have been times where I have forgotten to pre treat our clothes, and once I remember, I find I worried for nothing! Clothes come out clean EVERY time. Love this product not just for the stain fighting, smell but also for the price! That is very important to me with having a family on a budget. Thanks Era for giving me such an awesome Detergent!! Now all we need is a fabric softener.. wink wink..', {'entities': [(465, 468, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used this model of Reeboks for many years. My 5+ year pair was worn out and I could not find similar in the stores. Tried online and there is was! New pair about the same as the old except a more agressive tread rather than a fairly smooth one. I'll get used to that, I hope. Glad to have found the comfort and support in a reasonably price shoe that looks normal -- only black, no stripes or other unwanted decorations.", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have pale, sensitive skin and often makeup irritates my skin. I couldn't afford the big name mineral makeup so I decided to try Physician's Formula and I'm glad I did. It has not made my skin itch or burn. It covers surprisingly well and has no smell, which is awesome.", {'entities': [(130, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Physician's Formula mineral wear is great for my sensitive skin! I usually have red blotches after a shower, but this powder helps calm down the redness. I have tried other powders, like Almay, which make the blotches stick around longer. For the price, its hard to beat. Its light feeling but covers well.", {'entities': [(0, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this for years and my family has come to expect this product in their stockings. Everyone loves it. First of all it's from Weleda, so it's a clean product. It goes on a little thick but once it reaches body temperature it melts into your lips and they just feel good. Has a little shine to it but not enough for the boys to stay away from it. If I wear lipstick I put this on first. This is a staple item for me. I wouldn't be without it.", {'entities': [(139, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great lip balm. I like every product I've tried by Weleda (especially the salt toothpaste-that stuff is awesome). It is moisturizing and lasts a really long time. Others have mentioned the scent-I do not like the smell of roses in general, but this isn't a big deal at all. I don't even really notice it, which is what you want probably for a product like this. This is the best lip balm I've purchased recently in terms of quality. It works, it protects, it lasts a long time, noticeably longer than other types of lip balm I've used and because it doesn't require frequent application, it's probably a pretty good value. I just hope I don't lose it somewhere!", {'entities': [(61, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great smell, like light floral rose with some beeswax and shea butter. The feel is great on the lips, not sticky or too thick, it's smooth and absorbs quickly. I personally stay away from petroleum jelly and most unnatural ingredients, so the fact that this lip balm is all natural is a big plus. I'm a fan of Weleda's products and they seem like a solid company. I got my current tube of everon for christmas (december) and now (september) it's down to it's last little bit that I'm digging out of the bottom of the tube. Time to stock up again! Definitely worth the price.UPDATE: So, I took a little chance and switched up my lipbalm for Dr. Hauschka's lipbalm. To be honest, I think the Everon is better, especially for the price. The Dr. Hauschka's was a little too oily and didn't seem to stay on very long. I'll be sticking with Everon :)", {'entities': [(310, 316, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Previous Body Butter was stiff and thick, which I truly like. Must have changed the formula since local WalMart started carrying it again. It is to creamy and doesn't stick to the skin like the previous Tree Hut. Had to return Coconut Lime scent, did not like. I will search for another Body Butter that will be thicker and not go on like a lotion. Sorry.", {'entities': [(203, 211, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Based on Tree Hut Original Shea body butter's amazing in scent and performance, I purchased the coconut lime body butter without smelling it 1st. Others who reviewed it said it compared to one of my favorite Bath and Body Works scents, Coconut Lime Verbena. Perhaps I have ended up with a defective product. The scent is neither coconut or lime. It is somewhere between stale Crisco and expired sunscreen. Even though I stink right now, my skin is drenched in the rich moisture that Tree Hut Body Butter delivers.", {'entities': [(9, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this Tree Hut body butter one winter in desperation of finding a lotion that would actually cure my dry skin. It did! Living in Arkansas where the winters are chilling and unforgiving to hands I was amazed at how well it protected them. I'd highly recommend this to anyone who has sensitive skin, like I do, and who is looking for a great inexpensive way to cure your dry skin. I use it now daily on my legs and face and have no problems. The product is a little thick going on at first, so I don't think oily skin would experience as much of a benefit as dry.", {'entities': [(14, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have VERY SENSITIVE SKIN and the only lotion that worked for me was the Palmer's Coco Butter. I found Tree Hut at another department store and it was the Tree hut Body Butter and Body Wash. I figured since it is 100 Natural, that it would hurt my skin. So I took it home and Tried it out.......AMAZING!!!!! After using it, I look it up online and I was VERY impressed. Walmart is the Cheapest this to purchase this product. I paid double at a different department store. HIGHLY recommended.....You wont be disappointed!!!!!!!!!!!! My favorite scent is coconut-lime and Brazilian-Nut", {'entities': [(104, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am going through menopause and it is taking my hair out. I use it 3 times a week on the edges of my hair and I see a really big difference, now when I braid my hair I can actually catch all of the edges! Bravo Cococare', {'entities': [(212, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this to replace a much louder (non-Honeywell) one. This one is smaller and MUCH quieter. Completely worth the money.', {'entities': [(44, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As stated by others this is a nice quiet little heater. Yeah, 250w isn't much but it's what I needed for an RV bathroom the size of an airliner loo. Safe to touch and doesn't heat up adjacent wall. I had to disassemble it to attach some mounting brackets and reduce the length of the cord, not easy putting it back together. Great choice, happy customer, Honeywell makes good stuff.", {'entities': [(355, 364, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Honeywell does not make junk, another great product. Cost is more than other brands but it is worth it. Heavier and better materials make a better safe. This safe was shipped via UPS not FedEx so can it be shipped to a FedEx office as stated, a little irony there.', {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Honeywell fire chest is the perfect size for our important documents. Not so heavy that it's difficult to move. Is well built, sturdy. Was just what we needed", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Fan is great, quality of base and neck TERRIBLE. Took 3 trips to Target after initial purchase to return fan. First time neck was defective and would not slide into place, second time the base was defective and would not snap together, third time remote didn't work Finally got it assembled, with great difficulty, base ended up fitting on so power cord runs out the side rather than the back. Could not line up holes to put all three screws in place, could only get 2 in. Fan itself is a dream. Whoever Honeywell is contracting with to manufacture the base and neck is doing a terrible job. It took 3 trips and a total of 4 hours of my time to assemble something that should have taken 5 minutes tops.", {'entities': [(504, 513, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Honeywell Did great with this fan easy to set up and really does make a difference love the sleep setting can't hear it and leaves a nice gentle breeze when put at the end of your bed great product overall my girl and I recommend it.", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really enjoy this fan for my bedroom. It has many speed options. I mostly use it on the lowest speed which is perfect for sleeping, but even on the lowest speed it keeps my room pretty cool. The only downer is the price I paid. Walmart has Honeywell fans that are cheaper also, but I opted to go with this one because there are more speed options and it's quieter than the models at Walmart.", {'entities': [(242, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Honeywell Quiet-set tower fan is indeed quiet, but more importantly, provides a respectable airflow for its class. The remote is useful, but rather unnecessary.', {'entities': [(4, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Couldn't ask for anything better then this Honeywell fan it was a great purchase", {'entities': [(43, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased a second Honeywell tower fan, because I kept borrowing the one I bought my Mother. It has several settings for airflow, that relates to "white noise": it also occilates. Additionally, the tower "shape" adds to the overall efficiency.', {'entities': [(21, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Fans have sure come a long way and my Honeywell Quiet Set is a home run. Sleek looking, well designed, and performs perfectly. A great fan for keeping cool.', {'entities': [(38, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Honeywell - QuietSet Tower Fan has been great! I like the slim profile and it is fairly quiet. Fantastic fan!', {'entities': [(5, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Honeywell - QuietSet Tower Fan has been great! I like the slim profile and it is fairly quiet. Fantastic fan!', {'entities': [(5, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just used the last of the one bottle that I found a year or so ago and hid away. I have looked everywhere and cannot find this hand soap. I love the fragrance. My mom always loved Jergens lotion and I guess because she always used it, that cherry almond scent has always brought me pleasant memories. It is also made in the USA which is extremely important to me. I live in Potosi, MO. Even when I go to St. Louis, I look in stores and cannot find it! What's the deal", {'entities': [(182, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used so many hand soaps, trying to find one that doesn't irritate my hands or make them so dry I have to use lotion immediately after using. This soap cleans and keeps them soft and can you believe the price I hope this never gets discontinued it's amazing and smells pleasant too! Thank you Jergens please keep this around!", {'entities': [(299, 306, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been buying Jergens Hand Wash for years and really enjoy it. The hand wash doesn't dry my skin out as much as typical hand washes and it leaves a lovely, light scent. Refill packaging would make it just about perfect!", {'entities': [(17, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love salt and vinegar chips, but these Lay's Salt and Vinegar chips are patheticWhat I love about them:Inexpensive - compared to other brands of potato chips, these are cheap and are often on saleEasy to find in stores - compared to other brands of potato chips, these are extremely easy to find in stores, and available just about everywhereSalty - these chips are very salty and you taste the salt in every biteWhat I don't like about them:Too much vinegar - these chips have way too much vinegar and have an unpleasing bitter taste to themSoggy/wet feeling and consistency - these chips have a very soggy and wet consistency to them. They feel filmy, like vinegar film, not like salt film, and have a very soggy overall taste that lessens the crunch. They don't feel wet, but the consistency is wet, very unappetizingNot very crunchy - unlike other brands of salt and vinegar chips, these are not very crispy. They are very thin, slightly thicker than paper, and don't really have much of a crispness to speak ofAlways broken chips - every time I've ever purchased this brand of salt and vinegar chips, whether online or in a store, the chips are almost always broken all throughout the bag. The bag is very thin, compared to other brands, and the chips are always brokenAt the end of the day, these are terrible salt and vinegar chips and there are so many tastier and crispier varieties out there, that I no longer consider this brand", {'entities': [(41, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus products for over 20 years. The changes in the new Extra gel have resulted in me searching for other products. I have always liked the hold and the subtle scent of the Extra gel. The new formula is thin and the smell is overwhelming to the point that I can not wear it.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have been using Nexxus sculpting gel for maybe 3/4 years and now in 2017 you changed your formula and I don't appreciate the product any longer. New formula makes my hair stiff and difficult to comb and style after use. Want to know how could I possibly get the old product back as it was perfect for me. This new one states it gives texture and it just does differently than your old product gel. Please give me info on how to purchase my old Nexxus sculpting gel. Am shopping for a different product now to replace your former gel product. Help.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the old Exxtra Gel. I used it for years and have always feared that I wouldn't be able to find it. It held my hair in place exactly as I desired all day. This new formula has an overwhelming smell. And it holds your hair for about 15 minutes. I may as well put water through my hair. I have read review after review on this new formula which agree with me. Please go back to the original formula. Nexxus has lost my business.", {'entities': [(405, 411, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There are no words to tell Nexxus how disappointed I am in their company! I have searched everywhere for the old gel. The new gel is simply awful. I am now in the process of finding a new gel for curly hair and it is painful. I want the old gel back and until it is I will not buy one Nexxus product!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the old formula and used it every day. Tried to use the new one and tossed it after a couple of times. It's so bad for my hair type that I couldn't even finish the tube! I won't buy anymore Nexxus products unless the old formula or something similar comes back.", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nexxus has clearly taken this product to an overpriced and over scented cheap hair gel. Everything about it is worse.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have used Nexxus gel over 20 years and will be changing now.The new formula is weaker then the old one and the fragrance is too strong.', {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This does not hold as well as it did before and the fragrance added irritates my asthma. I will not buy any Nexxus product again.', {'entities': [(108, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As many others have said, the new formula does not have the same hold as the old. And the fragrance is horrible. Looks like Nexxus made a big mistake. Remind you of New Coke.', {'entities': [(124, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Long time user of Nexxus Exxtra gel. Used to be the best product out there. New fragrance is ok but gel is very hard on hair over time. Please bring back old formula.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After decades with the same, excellent formula, Nexxus decided to change it up without letting anybody know. Needless to say, the new formula is horrible. Very disappointing.', {'entities': [(48, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We are very disappointed that the formula of this gel has changed after so many years. The smell and feel of the product are not the same. Sorry, Nexxus, but you lost a customer. Why can't companies leave good products alone", {'entities': [(146, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Been using Nexxus Extra Gel for 18 years. Product was the Best in the market until I recently purchased the new formula gel last month. Please bring the original formula back. Currently searching for a new replacement.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra gel for years. The recently changed formula including the scent is horrible!!! The hold is different. It's not as good and it seems to have no hold power. PLEASE BRING THE OLD GEL BACK!", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus Exxtra gel for over a decade...until you changed the formula and fragrance. The new gel formula does not hold as well and the fragrance is HORRENDOUS!!! Your former loyal customer', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Nexxus Gel for over 15 years. It was the best. The new version is horrible. The smell is horrible. I need to find another gel brand. Why did you change it Please bring the old formula back.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nexxus Exxtra Gel is no longer a product I will buy. The formulation has changed it does not perform anything akin to the previous product. I've been using this product for many years and will look for a replacement product.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for year. I just bought one and its not the same. New formula has a strong perfume scent and it just dried my hair. I loved the old Nexxus Exxtra Gel, not this new one. They should of changed the packaging only. gelfail', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to love Exxtra gel but now with the new color /design of the bottle the quality changed as well,,, the smell is terrible, left my hair dull, dry, really terrible, I'm very sad because I love Nexxus products,,, please bring back the old formula", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nexxus extra Gel for many years as well as my son. When we purchased this we thought only the packaging changed until we used it. The new formula is terrible. It doesn't hold like the old one. Will not be purchasing again.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Used the Nexxus gel for over 20 years and liked the way it would hold my hair. The new formula is too watery, has no hold to it and has a strong smell. Why try to fix something that's not broken. Please bring back the old formula .", {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years. Recently bought 2 new tubes and hate it. It does not work at all like the previous formula and the scent is terrible. Who made this decision I want my money back.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have used the old product for years. The new product has a distinctly unpleasant odor but even more importantly it is watery and doesn't work. Fortunately I found a store that still had several tubes of the old product. Unless Nexxus brings back the old formula we will be shopping for another brand.", {'entities': [(230, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years and have been very happy with its performance...until the change in packaging and formula. The new formula does nothing for my hair except make it feel weighed down and dirty. I will be looking for a new product. This new version is horrible!', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had been using the old formula for a great number of years an loved it. The new formula is thinner, has a stronger fragrance which competes with my cologne and has less hold. I can't image why Nexxus would find this to be an improvement. NOT a good move. I want my old product back!!!", {'entities': [(195, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Can't stand the new product--had to return it all. The smell was more than I could stand. Sad----the old product was great and I relied on it for years for both its holding power and decent smell. Hey Nexxus----ever heard of Focus Groups", {'entities': [(201, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have bought Nexxus products forever. The only gel I can find is this new product. I purchased two tubes being I use a lot. I have never been so disappointed, it does not hold and with the humidity my hair is nothing but frizz. Why oh why must you change things. Moving onto other products!', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('There are no words to tell Nexxus how disappointed I am in their company! I have searched everywhere for the old gel. The new gel is simply awful. I am now in the process of finding a new gel for curly hair and it is painful. I want the old gel back and until it is I will not buy one Nexxus product!', {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the Nexxus gel for many years but was disappointed with the scent of the new product. Unfortunately the scent is too strong for my taste and I will be finding a new hair gel. I wish I would have known about the change because I would have stocked up on the old version.', {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this product for years and I just opened the new bottle. It smells awful and did not hold in my hair like the old product. This is very disappointing because it's extremely difficult to find good hair gel for curly hair. If they're smart, Nexxus will change the formula back!!", {'entities': [(255, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was an advis user of Nexxus Extra Gel. I recently purchased a new bottle. I absolutely LOVE the fragrance, however they must have changed the formula because my curls are not the same. I wish they would go back to the original formula. It's just not the same. Sorry Nexxus.", {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and it was fantastic. The new formula is awful. Too much fragrance and does not leave hair feeling the same. I will not use it.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for almost 20 years and am very upset that the formula has changed. It does not compare with the old Gel and I don't like the strong smell. Please give us our old formula back. If you don't I have to find something else.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like almost everyone else I absolutely can't stand this new formula. I've been using this gel for 20+ years. Nothing came close to the old formula. Now the new formula stinks (smell), doesn't work as well. I'm looking at alternative gels. Nexxus messed up BIG TIME!!!!!", {'entities': [(239, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Nexxus Gel exclusively for over 10 years. The old formula was the best. Why did you change it The new formula is horrible. The smell is horrible. Please bring back the old version. I can't use this horrible smelling new version. I will need to find another gel company.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to use the Nexxus Exxtra Gel all the time before they changed to product and added fragrance. The gel did not hold up well anymore and my hair smelled like a woman kind of hard to use it when your man. Wish they still had the old non fragranced gel.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The original Nexxus Styling Gel was amazing! Please offer the original back. We are forced to seek a new gel after being with Nexxus for over 15 years. The new formula is horrible: hold is not as good, smells terrible, seems like alcohol or similar to the basic cheap gels.', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This new gel is awful. I noticed the Nexxus comment that the old improved formula was coming back. Nexxus please advise ETA. Thanks. Jack', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for a very LONG time. Will stop using since the new product (bronze casing) came out. It is totally ineffective and is a major step down from original product. No longer keeps my hair in place and in actuality, does nothing good for my hair. Will look for better product outside of Nexxus.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using your gel for way over 20 years. I tried the new gel for my curly hair and it makes it frizzy and just doesn't hold the way the old gell did. I've spent tons of money trying to find a new gel with no luck! I am very disappointed and don't know what to do. Bring back the old gel Nexxus! Why did you change it", {'entities': [(296, 302, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why on earth did you change the formula of the Nexxus Salon Hair Care Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold Not only does the new reformulation not have the same strong holding capacity as the old product, the fragrance is obnoxious and too powerful. My coworkers are all complaining about the smell, and it's causing them to sneeze!", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Finally used up the last of my old tube and ordered this, not knowing they changed it. Terrible. I will not buy another Nexxus product unless they bring the old formula back. I'm sure they won't though, a shame.", {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used this gel forever and loved it!! WHY did you change the formula It does now have a different 'smell', which I like, but the gel now does nothing for my hair, when before this change it managed my hair beautifully. Guess I'm off to find a new gel....so sorry to leave Nexxus behind....", {'entities': [(278, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Does not hold as well as the previous product. Noticeably different. I use to but 4-5 tubes at a time since they were hard to find. Now I am looking for a replacement product. No idea why Nexxus changed the product. Crazy!', {'entities': [(188, 194, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The NEW formula has very weak hold capability and smells of baby powder...I've been using this Gel for over 18 years and loved it! I think Nexxus saved money by using a less-effective ingredient and tried to make it look improved with the copper-looking bottle -- garbage compared to the OLD formula!!! Thanks RD, I need to find a new Gel now!", {'entities': [(139, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only wish I knew that Nexxus would plan a drastic change to the formula for the Exxtra Gel. While the price is the same there it has an awful smell while the feel and the performance are not even close. Too bad I was a loyal buyer for years of the previous product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the regular Nexxus styling gel, not the professional. Absolutely love that product. Couldn't find, so I thought the professional was just different packaging. Wrong. It's a totally different product. Doesn't hold the curl or control the frizz. Makes my hair feel weird the fragrance is horrible. Do not like it at all.", {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Very displeased with the new formula that does not work well in my hair. I am now forced to buy a new product and sadly, I've been buying this product for many years. Been seeing the same types of reviews-on this product-all over the Internet. Hope Nexxus brings back the old formula when they realize that the new just isn't as good...", {'entities': [(249, 255, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a user of Nexxus hair gel for 10+ years because it worked. Now I' m forced to find a new product. The new formula has caused me an allergic reaction and now I have to deal with a rash on my neck and scalp. Please bring back the original formula. The new formula not only smells awful but it doesn't have the same hold.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and just purchased a new tube. I am very disappointed in the new product. It has made my hair oily and I do not like the scent. I will be looking for a replacement product on my next shopping trip. I can't imagine why you changed something that was so good to begin with. Also, the new tube has a lot more ingredients than my old tube. Please go back to the original recipe.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I too have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years. Nothing else worked as well. It was my all-time favorite gel. I have thin fine hair which I would blow dry and then curl after using about a tsp. or so of gel. It would hold without being sticky or perfumy. The new gel in the pink tube is horrible. I will throw it away. It does not work as well, makes my hair look dirty/sticky and I am repulsed by the fragrance.', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After years of using the previous version of the Nexxus Exxtra Gel, my husband has decided to switch brands because he doesn't like the product changes. He said it doesn't hold as well as the old gel and both us think the new fragrance is cloying. I wish cosmetic companies would stop being so heavy handed with the scents and take into consideration that as with perfumes and colognes not everyone enjoys the same scent.", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus for years, I have fine hair, it was the best gel I had ever used. But no more, it is thin and smells like dish soap. The new tube does not make it any better. I wish I had known they were going to change it. I would have bought a boat load of the old gel.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus products for over 20 years. The changes in the new Extra gel have resulted in me searching for other products. I have always liked the hold and the subtle scent of the Extra gel. The new formula is thin and the smell is overwhelming to the point that I can not wear it.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Nexxus Exxtra gel (old formula) for 15 yrs and it was amazing. I realized that the product composition changed when the new formula came out and it is such a great disappointment!!!!! The new formula does not HOLD my hair in place whatsoever... What a waste of a product.... I'm so upset that you did this... WHY Can anyone out there recommend an alternative product.... Oscar", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and have loved its ability to hold my hair in place. But the formula for the gel recently changed and it is more like water now than gel. I can't believe that they call it Exxtra hold, because it barely holds my hair in place and I need to use a lot of it. I hope someone reads this and pays attention. If something doesn't change I will not be using it any longer.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I have used the Exxtra gel for many years. I have very thick hair and it has always been the best and controlling it. However, since the change (now in this bronze looking package) the product has also changed. It doesn't hold as well as the former product, and the scent is too strong. Very, very unhappy customers. We have been forced to try other products (can't take the smell of this product all day). Thus far, we have been unsuccessful - but Pantene seems to be the closest to the former Nexxus Gel we so loved.", {'entities': [(510, 516, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bad Move Nexxus. I have been using Nexxus shampoo and styling gel for 27 years. Now all of a sudden you decide to change your Nexxus Exxtra Gel. when you change a product you should make it better NOT worse! It does not hold as well and the new fragrance is overpowering. bring back the old formula! A piece of advise from one business person to another: When you have a very good product that people like, DON'T change it. Don't try to fix something that isn't broken. Thank you for forcing me to search for a replacement brand!", {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can no longer find the original Exxtra Gel - Superior Hold gel that I've been using for years, so I did try your new formula. I do not like it. I returned it. I find that the new formula does not hold as well as the original, and the new scent is way too strong! From your responses to the other disappointed reviews, I'm guessing that you will suggest I call your customer service number, which I will, but will Nexxus consider bringing the original formula back", {'entities': [(415, 421, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have naturally curly hair and finally found a wonderful product with the Nexxus Exxtra Gel many, many years ago. Recently, the formula has changed and the hold is terrible!! My hair is a mess and the gel offers no help. PLEASE bring back the old gel formula!!', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used this product for over 10 years, even outside of the US when i lived in EU. This new product is runny, doesn't hold, and smells terrible. The scent is so strong you literally smell like you just bathed in baby powder... not exactly the next scenario when working in an office. It has been over 8 hours since i put some in my hair, and i can still smell it... in the air around me. If this is the only type of gel you can get through Nexxus now, i am going to be forced to look for something else.", {'entities': [(442, 448, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 30 years and loved the old formula because it provided great hold for my straight hair and was fragrance-free (at least to my sense of smell.) The new formula provides no hold and the scent gives me terrible headaches. Please bring back the old formula! Thank you.", {'entities': [(16, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using this gel for over 10 years and I hate the new formula!!! I, like many of the other reviewers, are very unhappy with the new smell and way this product works. The smell is soooo strong and not in a good way!! My hair is so greasy now and my curls look horrible!! I've been spending all morning online researching new hair gel because I really don't want to use this new Nexxus gel any longer ( I'm really bummed out with this new change!!! Bring back the old gel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(387, 393, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using your sculpting gel for quite a few years now and found it really made a difference for my straight hair to hold a style. This new formulation in the pinkish bronze tube does nothing at all, has no hold to it. I do not recommend it for any hair type. So why did you change your formula, Nexxus', {'entities': [(304, 310, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the old formula and used it every day. Tried to use the new one and tossed it after a couple of times. It's so bad for my hair type that I couldn't even finish the tube! I won't buy anymore Nexxus products unless the old formula or something similar comes back.", {'entities': [(198, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Extra Gel for years! This product is nothing like what I use to buy. It has a fragrance which I do not like but the worst part is that is does not give my hair the body and hold I use to get. It makes my hair soft and I can't make it do anything. I have short, thinning hair and the old extra gel gave me body and hold. I am so disappointed. Please bring back the old extra gel!", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this product for 5+ years on my thick curly hair. It was the best until they changed not only the packaging but the product itself. It is now horrible. Does nothing for my curl. Leaves my hair frizzy, unmanageable and makes my hair feel dirty. The smell is not good either. I'll be returning both tubes to the store and will begin my search for a new product. No more Nexxus products for me.", {'entities': [(375, 381, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the Nexxus Exxtra Gel Superior Hold Sculpting gel in the light bronze tube. I guess it's discontinued because I can't find it any more. Bought the peach colored tube that sounded like the same product, but the fragrance is horrible (Blue Waltz cologne) and the product left my hair sticky. Now I've got to find another product because this one will be leaving with the trash tomorrow.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this product for 20+ years and was extremely satisfied with the old formula. I am very disappointed in the new formula. The new formula does not hold well at all compared to the old formula. Unfortunately, I am in search for a new product. I really hope Nexxus brings back the old formula.', {'entities': [(272, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One would think that the staggering number of negative reviews of the new formula would coax the Nexxus folks into bringing back their old formula. I cannot fathom the decision behind continuing this new, ineffectual formula which, as far as I can tell, has only succeeded in losing customers.', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Nexxus EXXtra Gel since the late 80's. So I am used to new packaging and looks. However, this time you have absolutely destroyed a great product. The hold isn't as good, and the smell. Yes I said smell, not fragrance. It smelled like I had a salon following me around all day. I couldn't wait to get home from work and get it out of my hair. Thanks for nothing!!", {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I feel like this is New Coke moment for Nexxus. Please bring back the formula that everyone loves and has been using for decades. I cannot bear the new formula...it's thinner, has a strong chemical scent, and leaves an awful residue in the hair.", {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why do companies have to change a product that works! I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for better then 10 years now it is no longer available. I purchased Nexxus Extra Gel Professional and it is horrible. It is thinner and the smell is terrible too strong for a male. I went on-line to locate the original product and it is priced through the roof. I would buy a case if I could locate one. I do not recommend this professional product. Time to find a different product.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have bought Nexxus Exxtra Gel forever, more than 10 years. I just opened my latest tube, and it smells awful--just terrible. The gel is unusable. My wife said what stinks And that was 30 minutes later when she entered the room! Avoid the new Exxtra Gel. Nexxus, you have made a huge mistake with this new terrible stench scent. This customer is history.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new gel is no where near as good as the old gel. Perhaps its a financial decision to dilute the old gel and get 1.3 -1.5 more bottles out of one of the old thereby generating more revenue, OR perhaps its about a need for a new product yet not offering a market test Either way they DO need to bring the old one back. IN the alternative maybe Nexxus can offer the old gel for sale Online ONLY and see what the consumer preference is', {'entities': [(346, 352, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new formula is a weaker, runnier gel. But the bigger problem is the scent! It's way too perfumed. After only 10 minutes it's giving me a headache. I'll be switching to ANYTHING else starting tomorrow. I've been using Nexxus gel for about 14 years. Between it's previous strength and previous non-offending scent it is unacceptable to not offer the original product any longer.", {'entities': [(221, 227, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nexxus should not have changed their packaging or their ingredients. I am really bummed about it. I have been using this product for a really long time and for them to change it doesn't make sense. So Many people loved this product but are now finding something else to use instead. I hope they go back to the original product.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ive been using nexxus exxtra gel for 7+ years and this is the first time ive seen this re-formulation. I have thick hair, so most gels flake, but Nexxus Exxtra did not. This new formulation is thinner and has the strongest fragrance ive ever smelled on a gel. The fragrance is more like women's perfume. I am sorry to say i will have to find a different gel product now :(", {'entities': [(146, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have kinky, curly hair. For YEARS now, I've been using Nexxus Gel Exxtra and literally telling all my curly hair friends what a savior it has been. This new formula is so awful. It's more alcohol based, makes my hair dry and stringy, isn't as thick and is literally breaking my heart. Now, I'm on the hunt for a new product. Please bring back the other formula! :(", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Nexxus Extra Gel since 1984. The recent change in the product is more than disappointing. It is not as thick as the longstanding version, is heavily scented, does not last as long or wash out as easily. The previous version is the best I have ever used, it is a shame they felt they needed to tinker with it. So long to a loyal 30+ year customer!", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why in the world would a company change the formula of a perfect styling product that has worked for me for 15+ years to a scent that smells like baby oil/powder It just completely floors me that Nexxus would think adults want to smell like that Thank goodness I was able to return it to the store I purchased it from. I wouldn't even give it away to someone.", {'entities': [(196, 202, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm biracial (black and white) and every biracial person's hair is slightly different from the next biracial person's. Unlike a lot of black and and white biracial people I know, I can't use products like Carol's Daughter and Mixed Chicks. For years, literally years, I searched high and low and low for a product that would tame my mane. I finally found the Exxte Gel and it was like the hair gods smiled on me. Perfect is an understatement. It kept my normally super frizzy, over-the-top-puffy hair tame, smooth, shinny, and appropriately volumized. Additionally, I could get two or three days worth of style put of one application which was AMAZING because before the Exxtra Gel, I'd spend a crazy amount of time wrestling my hair into a tight bun. BUT that was before the formula change. WHAT HAPPENED. Now the gel feels more alcohol or water based. I have to use three times as much. It flakes. I have to rinse it out everyday. It smells weird. It leaves weird dry, frizzy patches. In no way are blow dryers welcome with this new formula. I don't know why Nexxus ruined a wonderful thing that didn't need to be fixed. PLEASE BRING BACK THE LAST FORMULA. P.S. The new branding is beautiful. The sort of rose gold color is really nice....but the formula has to be reverted.", {'entities': [(1061, 1067, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years and until the recent change to this product would have given it an excellent rating..........but not now!!! I've always kept an ample supply of Exxtra Gel (for personal use) but once in the past several years I ran out and was unable to purchase any for a couple of weeks. I purchased a product of lesser quality for a lesser price just to get by. Well, the NEW Nexxus Exxtra Gel is the same product as the cheaper, thinner, WAY less superior product that I purchased as a get by replacement. I won't mention the name or the maker of the product.......but it's like you filled an Exxtra Gel tube with their gel. I am VERY disappointed. I will be shopping for a better product.", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new version performs very poorly in every aspect. It provides no ability to hold like its old version. The fragrance is simply overpowering. The worst of all is that it simply doesn't hold hair half as well as the previous formula. Why did Nexxus change what's working Was there a problem with the old formula that prevent Nexxus from restoring the original version I hope the current sales and market share offer the company some insight about their current and failed formula. I hope they will bring back the old version soon before people completely abandon this brand altogether.", {'entities': [(244, 250, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The old product was one of the best on the market. This product does not have many of the ingredients that helped build volume while smoothing. Nexxus really missed the boat on this one. Creating a product with fragrance seemed to be a priority over creating a product that delivers results.', {'entities': [(144, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the old formula for years with my thick natural curly hair. I loved how it kept frizz under control in the worst HOT humid weather. It held the curl so nicely without the sticky, heavy feel. It was the best stuff on the market! I have no idea why Nexxus would change the product. Why not just create a new line If you don't have curly hair, you have no idea how difficult it is to find a winner of a product to keep hair natural and at it's best. I am soooo unhappy with the hold and the smell in the new formula. Please, please, please bring back the old formula. I am desperately buying up all old product I can find and don't know what I will do when my supply is gone.", {'entities': [(265, 271, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like most others with curly hair it's near impossible to find the perfect product or combination of products to control the frizz and not kill your curl. The old version was awesome, smelled good and worked great with only small amounts needed. Who in the world changed it Did you use a focus group of actual customers The new product is terrible, doesn't do anything for my hair, is thin and smells terrible (like an old lady coming from the beauty parlor). For the love of all that's right, change it back PLEASE!!! 240 out of 270 reviewers hate it, I can't think of a better reason to go back to the original! Listen to your loyal customers Nexxus, or you'll lose them.", {'entities': [(644, 650, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just discovered that the gel I have used successfully for years is no longer available and the replacement contains a preservative - polyquaternium, to which I am allergic. This happened with a previous product I used. The formula was changed and I wondered why my face was turning red and itchy. After visits to the dermatologist I discovered quaternium was the culprit. There are surprising few hair products without this substance. Very disappointed that Nexxus has discontinued a perfectly good product - why', {'entities': [(458, 464, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nexxus XXtra Gel formula was changed with NO NOTICE to the consumer (label is exactly the same although the tube color is different). The change is terrible! The product comes out of the tube as a soft Jello instead of a styling gel as before. It won't stick to your fingers for applying, and after styling and drying exactly as done with the old formula, my hair is limp instead of firmly styled. The next time I tried using more product and my hair became a sticky, gluey mess that I had to immediately wash off! This product should have been labeled NEW FORMULA to warn customers - or better yet, IT SHOULD NEVER HAVE BEEN CHANGED IN THE FIRST PLACE!!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have probably been using Nexxus extra hold for a good 25 years. My favorite was when we could purchase the product in the pump which has been gone for some time now. Recently, I went to buy the renamed exxtra superior hold only to find out the product is discontinued What happened to my good old Nexxus Exxtra Hold gel that gave my hair the wet look and incredible hold The new gel is so potent in smell and just does not offer the same quality that I have become accustom to over the past few decades. Unfortunately it is time to look for an alternate product as the new regime of Nexxus gel's are no longer meeting my needs.", {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for YEARS and it was wonderful for my thick naturally curly hair. There was NO other product out there that worked as good as that one DID. I have tried just about every single brand and type of hair gel over the years and the old formula was the BEST. And since this change... I have yet to find any product that works to control my hair like the old product did. Why did you do this!! BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FORMULA!!!!!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used the original Nexxus Exxtra Gel product for years. I absolutely loved it, it was the best hair gel on the market by far. I have curly hair and have tried everything out there, but there was no comparison. I can not understand why Nexxus would change their Gel formula. It is now by far the worst hair gel I have every used, so now it's back to finding something new. I beg Nexxus to bring their original formula back! I can't imaging why they wouldn't seeing that mostly all those that reviewed it feel the same. Also I don't think I have ever written a review about anything but because I was so disappointed I felt I had to! :(", {'entities': [(25, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm deeply disappointed with the redesign of the Nexxus Exxtra Gel product. At first glance I thought it was just a package refresh. After I brought home 4 of the product tubes and applied it on my hair, I was upset of the fragrance . It was too late to correct the problem as I was preparing to go to work. My frustration grew when I noticed the inferior product performance on one of my visits to the restroom. This was a cost reduction gone bad and it was also a detrimental impact to the Nexxus brand. Please bring back the previous formula, also bring back the larger ounce packaging as well. Ex-loyal customer of 20+ years", {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel since the 80's....back when it was sold in salons. I have course, thick, curly hair and am also a professional hair stylist. I have tried tons of professional gels over the years and never found one that kept my curls nice and controlled fritz the way the OLD NEXXUS FORMULA did. The new formula is HORRIBLE!!! My hair is lifeless, frizzy and dull. I have also noticed my scalp itches quite a bit which I have never experienced before, but am unsure if the new formula could be causing it or not. PLEASE! Go back to the old formula! You had a great product for thick, curly hair! Most gels out there are so watery and are not compatible with that hair type. So many companies cater to normal or fine hair types, it is ridiculous. After reading so many of the reviews I am hoping you honor your loyal customers requests and go back to the old formula! If you want to change anything on the old formula you could change the scent... it smells more masculine. A more sweet, fresh scent would be nice.... but using the old formula!", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A couple years ago I tried the Nexxus Exxtra Gel and it was the best gel I had ever used. I was an instant fan and became a loyal customer of this and some of the other Nexxus products. I would brag about Nexxus anytime a stylist asked me to try something different. Unfortunately I'm no longer a fan after having bought two bottles of the newly formulated Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The new formula is now the worst gel I have ever used and I'm upset that the new prettier packaging didn't bother to advertise they changed the formula. I bought the first bottle and thought someone must have tampered with it because it smelled like baby oil. when I bought the second bottle I realized that the formula really had been changed to one that seemed watered down and cheap. It has turned me away from the Nexxus product line I once bragged about and my stylists are happy that I'm buying different brands from them again.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this sculpting gel for over 10 years and have always gotten compliments on how great my thick curly hair was. Strangers would literally stop me to compliment me on my hair and ask what products I use. I would ALWAYS reccomend Nexxus super hold sculpting gel as my must have product. Unfortunately, the formula has been changed and the new one is no where near the original. Since then, I have tried loads of other gels from ridiculously priced high end to drug store specials and have come up disappointed with all of them. Nothing is like the original sculpting gel. Apparently after seeing the overall response to this product, I am clearly not alone on this. I have a tiny bit left of the old formula that I use sparingly for special occasions, this is pathetic lol!! Please bring the old formula back!!!', {'entities': [(244, 250, 'PRODUCT')]})
('2 out of 5 stars. Donald 2 months ago YOU CHANGED THE FORMULA.....NOT GOOD! Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!! Yes, I recommend this product. Review photo 1 Photo This action will open a modal dialog. Review photo 1 QUALITY 2 out of 5 FRAGRANCE 3 out of 5 1 person found this review helpful.0 people did not find this review helpful. Helpful Yes 1 1 person found this review helpful. Click to agree.No 0 0 people did not find this review helpful. Click to agree.Report RESPONSE FROM NEXXUS: Anonymous Csr Services 2 months ago We very much appreciate our consumers feedback, and weve heard you that this product as reformulated - is not providing the best Nexxus experience. Were happy to note that we are tweaking the product and will have the improved/restored formulation back shortly.', {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Nexxus Exxtra gel old formula fort years on my fine textured curly hair, and it always left me with shiny well-defined ringlets. The new formula in the pink bottle, however, does NOT work even close to the way the old one did. I've yet to find a hair gel that works as well, and I've tried other high-end salon brands. PLEASE bring the old formula back. This new one is actually terrible.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the old formula for more than 10 years and it was perfect. I have very long (below my waist) natural curly hair and live in humid Florida. I have tried many products but nothing ever came close to the original formula of Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The original formula had the right amount of hold, didn't dry my hair, it actually felt moisturized, no flakes, no crunch and it controlled frizz. I loved it! It's all I needed, no spray, mousse, leave-in... nothing else! I recommended it to anyone that ask what I used. Why change it! The new formula is as horrible as it smells, if not worse. My hair feels horrible and it doesn't control frizz at all. Now I find myself searching for a new product all over again. Please bring back the previous formula!", {'entities': [(228, 234, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never gave much thought about what I used to keep my hair in place over the years, I just used what my wife had around the house, as long as it wasn't greasy or smelly. So now on my own, as a widow, I used up what was always around over several years. I don't use much. Finally I had to replace the Nexxus Styling Gel, Pure Control Stylizer. I tried the revised Nexxus replacement product and had to throw it out. It was too greasy feeling and the smell was just to much. I hope you do bring back the prior formula, I haven't found a replacement, and one never knows what is missed until it isn't around anymore. And yes for me, this is a good problem to have most of my hair to deal with in my 70's. thx", {'entities': [(299, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This new Gel is terrible. I've been using Nexxus Gel for years and loved it. Odor free, did not flake, right texture. This new stuff is thinner, does not hold as well and above all STINKS !!", {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used this gel for 10+ years in my curly hair and it has always been the only thing that works for me. When I picked it up the last time I ran out, I just thought Nexxus had changed the packaging/look of the bottle--not so. The entire product is different, from its fragrance (awful) to its hold (equally terrible). Why did Nexxus change such a great product I'm hoping that the overwhelmingly negative reviews will bring the old version back!", {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If you bring back the old formula, I can GUARANTEE/PROMISE you, Nexxus, that I will buy YOUR hair gel, and NOBODY else's. The old formula was the BEST on the market ...period. As long as you sell it, I will buy it. I will not buy this new formula again, once was enough. Please bring the old formula back.", {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the old Exxtra Gel. I used it for years and have always feared that I wouldn't be able to find it. It held my hair in place exactly as I desired all day. This new formula has an overwhelming smell. And it holds your hair for about 15 minutes. I may as well put water through my hair. I have read review after review on this new formula which agree with me. Please go back to the original formula. Nexxus has lost my business.", {'entities': [(405, 411, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Exxtra Gel since 1988 and it WAS the best gel on the market until earlier in 2015 when you made the mistake of re-formulating it. It is thinner in consistency and doesn't hold nearly as well as the previous formula. Now about the new scent, it is the most horrible smell you could have ever invented! Consider the fact that just as many men use your gel as women do, besides you don't need to add fragrance to styling gel. Men use cologne and women perfume. I have been using gel from one of your competitors, but if you restore your exxtra gel to the previous formula I will return to Nexxus.", {'entities': [(598, 604, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years it was used/recommended to me by my stylist. Neither of us could understand why the formula was changed! It is horrible -- doesn't hold fine hair and has an AWFUL scent. (I picked up a friend to go to a movie and she asked the name of the horrible perfume I had on!) I understand now (hopefully I'M right!) that you are going back to the old formula. Is that true How will we know I've already thrown 3 expensive tubes away -- won't buy any more (neither will my stylist recommend) until I'm sure I'm getting the good stuff!", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I totally agree with the customers who have expressed their displeasure. I am so disappointed that Nexxus has changed the formula of the Exxtra Gel. I have been using the previous product exclusively for a number of years. I have thin hair and the original gel was the only product the allowed me to achieve the results I wanted. I am saddened that I now have to buy different products to find the one that will work for me. If Nexxus were to return to the original formula, I would certainly purchase the product. If the product remains as it is now, I will not be purchasing any Nexxus products in the future.', {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this gel for over 10 years, and WAS in love with this product. Ever since this transformation, it's HORRIBLE.... The consistency and smell is not the same and not even a close comparison. This was a huge mistake by Nexxus. I have curly frizzy hair and this new solution doesn't hold as well and smells bad. I'm very disappointed and now have to find a new product to use going forward. Even the packaging is even disappointing. This went from something that young people loved to use, to something I'd expect to find in my grandmother's salon.", {'entities': [(231, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nexxus products for a long time. I have long curly hair and finding the right product makes my life easier. For years I've used the Exxtra gel... I've sent so many people to the product. Recently I noticed a package change (which I think looks great). However it's not only a package change, the gel itself is completely different. It's not remotely close to what it was. The hold is weak, my curls frizz... even the application is difficult.. the gel clumps up while putting it on. My only hope is Nexxus will change back! I'm now on the hunt to find a new gel that works.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have also used only Nexxus products for the last 20 years for all my hair care needs (I.e. Therappe, Diametress, Humectress etc.) including Exxtra Gel but sadly I am extremely disappointed with the new formula. I am OK with the smell but nothing more. It does NOT hold my curly hair at all, as a matter of fact it feels like watery alcohol. I am dreading going on a hunt to find a new gel that will hold my hair like your old formula but sadly will have to. I think it would be a good idea to take into account just how many long time users are complaint about your new formula. :(', {'entities': [(22, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ive been using the Nexxus Exxtra Hair Gel for the past 15 years before you even started selling the non-salons retailers. Recently, I ran out of the Gel and had to restock. I usually buy 4-6 tubes at one time. I noticed its not the same strength and it has a new scent. I dont like it I prefer the old version. Do you sell the old version formula If so, where can I buy it If not, I will have to start looking for a new brand Gel.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for years, but it is time to find a new gel if you don't bring back the original formula. I don't like the smell of the new formula and it doesn't hold as well as the old formula. Not to mention, the old formula was the only gel I have been able to find that I was able to get it wet and style my hair again later in the day. I won't buy another Nexxus product if this new formula is all you are going to sell going forward. And I only gave 1 star because you have to select at least one.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a loyal user of Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 20+ years. I loved it!! I would get compliments on my hair all the time and I have recommended it many times over the years. Nexxus, why did you change a good thing!! The new formula is thinner, has dried out my hair, does not control frizz at all and smells horribly like rubbing alcohol. I feel like I am using hand sanitizer on my hair!! Sadly, I am desperately searching for a new product to use on my hair. The only way I would purchase this product again is if you brought back your old formula.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used used Nexxus products the Exxtra gel for over 20 years. I always loved the way it used to smell hold, so nice to the touch so fragrant to the nose. Why change something that's already perfect Please bring back the old formula there is nothing else available like it. I have resorted to buying out old stock thru ebay as this was a big part of my daily regimen sadly its gone now...The new Professional version is not the same the scent is overpowering like an old ladies perfume. -PLEASE BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When Nexxus reformulated the new formula I had hopes that they had heard their customers. Unfortunately they fell short again with their reformulated new product. I have been using their gel for years. It was excellent in every way. I just don't get it. Simply bring back the old formula. It would make many loyal customers VERY happy.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why change a product I have been buying and completely loyal to for something like 20 years. Please rush back the old formula. Can you not see the overwhelmingly poor ratings of the new formula Nothing else I have found has low fragrance and good hold. This is the New Coke of Nexxus.', {'entities': [(277, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the other version of Nexxus gel for years. When I saw that they brought it back I was so excited. Then I found it is different from the original version. It does not hold as well and the smell... It smells like a mans cologne. Not suitable for a woman to use. So Disappointed! Bring the old version back please!!!', {'entities': [(33, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved the Exxtra gel for about a decade, and I could sense that a change was coming with this gel quite some time ago. I thought it was being totally discontinued, so I rounded up every bottle I could find in the tan packaging and stock piled them. I was relieved to see Nexxus had released Exxtra gel in a shiny new package, and I promptly bought a few bottles online. My happiness changed forever when I realized that more than just the packaging had changed. Where had my beloved Exxtra gel gone The new formula does nothing for my frizz and curls, and to make matters worse the new scent is so overpowering! Nexxus should have specified on the packaging new formula when this was re-released...It is not the same gel, yet it boasts the same name. I will never buy this product again. I am now saving the rest of my tan Exxtra gel bottles for special occasions, and I'm now on the search for a new gel product all together. Such a shame.", {'entities': [(278, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always been a huge fan and advocate for Nessux gel and have been using it for more than 10 years. The New Formula has been a huge disappointment! I like the fact that it was a bit thicker and the scent is great, but the performance is far from the standard that the original Nexxus gel had set many years ago. The New Formula doesn't hold like it used to. After 2 hours my hair started losing its shape and style. The worst part of the New Formula is it flakes! I always love Nexxus gel for its ability to keep its shape through out the day and flake free! I remember days when I used to slept with Nexxus gel in my hair and woke up the next day, impress with how it still retain the shape of my hair without any flakes. I am writing this review to show how disappointed I am with the New Formula. I don't see myself ever using this product again at this rate.", {'entities': [(282, 288, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like a lot of other customers posts about this product, I do not like the change. I too have used this gel for years and loved it. I was hooked the 1st time I tried it. My hair is thick and naturally curly. I deal with a fair amount of frizz, a daily ordeal and nothing has helped like.Nexxus Gel. Now, I put your gel in my hair and as my hair dries it starts to feel like glue. Once my hair is dry, along with the feel of glue my hair feels like straw. I can't run my hand through my hair. I used to be able to get up the day after I washed my hair and add more gel to control any frizz. Now with the new gel when I try to put more gel in my hair, my hair feels like a stiff gluey mess. Stiff as straw and impossible to comb, even with a wide tooth comb. There's no shine, totally dull and lifeless. I was mortified some one might try to touch my hair. Really gross. I washed it out of my hair and never used it again. I've got half a tube and a full tube sitting in my closet, not being used! Please bring back your old gel! PLEASE!!!! Thank you", {'entities': [(286, 292, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a few months away from turning 50 and started using Nexxus Exxtra gel when I entered the military at age 18!!! Nexus Exxtra gel has been my/the ONLY gel that I have used or would use in more than 30 years...though the packaging has changed over the past 30+ years, the formula has ALWAYS remained true until now. Beleive me, it was perfect and you really should go back!!! The ORIGINAL formula was a great consistency to apply, superior hold, no flaking when combed out and absolutely no heavy build up....even after several days of use....NONE! My hair has always been important to me and my one TRIED and TRUE gel has changed. PLEASE change back.... When something is perfect, you don't change....read the hundreds and soon to be thousands of other reviews on this change.... Everyone hates the new stuff. I'm a 30 year veteran of your original product and hate the new stuff....you know it's not the same as soon as you apply it in your hands!", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When Nexxus reformulated the new formula I had hopes that they had heard their customers. Unfortunately they fell short again with their reformulated new product. I have been using their gel for years. It was excellent in every way. I just don't get it. Simply bring back the old formula. It would make many loyal customers VERY happy.", {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why change a product I have been buying and completely loyal to for something like 20 years. Please rush back the old formula. Can you not see the overwhelmingly poor ratings of the new formula Nothing else I have found has low fragrance and good hold. This is the New Coke of Nexxus.', {'entities': [(277, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using your gel for way over 20 years. I tried the new gel for my curly hair and it makes it frizzy and just doesn't hold the way the old gell did. I've spent tons of money trying to find a new gel with no luck! I am very disappointed and don't know what to do. Bring back the old gel Nexxus! Why did you change it", {'entities': [(296, 302, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus Exxtra gel for over a decade...until you changed the formula and fragrance. The new gel formula does not hold as well and the fragrance is HORRENDOUS!!! Your former loyal customer', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nexxus, why did you change the Exxtra Gel It is a watered down version (seriously...I believe with my whole heart that you added water to the gel) of the older, MUCH BETTER Exxtra Gel. It was perfect for my curly hair, and now I am struggling to find a gel that works as well as the old Exxtra Gel. As other reviewers wrote, the new gel also smells very bad. Did you test this product before changing it', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this product for all long as I can remember. It was a somewhat thick gel, with an unnoticeable fragrance that worked great with my curly hair. Now with the newly formulated product, the gel is watery, chemical smelling, and doesn't do anything to help the frizz or control my curls at all. I will be returning this product to the store and looking for a new brand. Please bring back the old formula!! I've been a loyal Nexxus user for a very long time and it makes me sad to have to find another product to use on my hair!", {'entities': [(435, 441, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why on earth did you change the formula of the Nexxus Salon Hair Care Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold Not only does the new reformulation not have the same strong holding capacity as the old product, the fragrance is obnoxious and too powerful. My coworkers are all complaining about the smell, and it's causing them to sneeze!", {'entities': [(47, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nexxus has clearly taken this product to an overpriced and over scented cheap hair gel. Everything about it is worse.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for year. I just bought one and its not the same. New formula has a strong perfume scent and it just dried my hair. I loved the old Nexxus Exxtra Gel, not this new one. They should of changed the packaging only. gelfail', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this product for 5+ years on my thick curly hair. It was the best until they changed not only the packaging but the product itself. It is now horrible. Does nothing for my curl. Leaves my hair frizzy, unmanageable and makes my hair feel dirty. The smell is not good either. I'll be returning both tubes to the store and will begin my search for a new product. No more Nexxus products for me.", {'entities': [(375, 381, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used this gel for 10+ years in my curly hair and it has always been the only thing that works for me. When I picked it up the last time I ran out, I just thought Nexxus had changed the packaging/look of the bottle--not so. The entire product is different, from its fragrance (awful) to its hold (equally terrible). Why did Nexxus change such a great product I'm hoping that the overwhelmingly negative reviews will bring the old version back!", {'entities': [(169, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using this gel for over 10 years and I hate the new formula!!! I, like many of the other reviewers, are very unhappy with the new smell and way this product works. The smell is soooo strong and not in a good way!! My hair is so greasy now and my curls look horrible!! I've been spending all morning online researching new hair gel because I really don't want to use this new Nexxus gel any longer ( I'm really bummed out with this new change!!! Bring back the old gel!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(387, 393, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nexxus products for a long time. I have long curly hair and finding the right product makes my life easier. For years I've used the Exxtra gel... I've sent so many people to the product. Recently I noticed a package change (which I think looks great). However it's not only a package change, the gel itself is completely different. It's not remotely close to what it was. The hold is weak, my curls frizz... even the application is difficult.. the gel clumps up while putting it on. My only hope is Nexxus will change back! I'm now on the hunt to find a new gel that works.", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Nexxus Exxtra gel old formula fort years on my fine textured curly hair, and it always left me with shiny well-defined ringlets. The new formula in the pink bottle, however, does NOT work even close to the way the old one did. I've yet to find a hair gel that works as well, and I've tried other high-end salon brands. PLEASE bring the old formula back. This new one is actually terrible.", {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The old product was one of the best on the market. This product does not have many of the ingredients that helped build volume while smoothing. Nexxus really missed the boat on this one. Creating a product with fragrance seemed to be a priority over creating a product that delivers results.', {'entities': [(144, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have naturally curly hair and I've been using this gel for years and absolutely loved it, but this new stuff is terrible! It makes my hair frizzy and smells like perfumey men's cologne. I don't know why Nexxus changed their formula but I wish they would change it back ASAP!!! My hair is a mess and this gel WAS the only product that worked well. :(", {'entities': [(205, 211, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Nexxus Exxtra Gel for YEARS and it was wonderful for my thick naturally curly hair. There was NO other product out there that worked as good as that one DID. I have tried just about every single brand and type of hair gel over the years and the old formula was the BEST. And since this change... I have yet to find any product that works to control my hair like the old product did. Why did you do this!! BRING BACK THE ORIGINAL FORMULA!!!!!', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just discovered that the gel I have used successfully for years is no longer available and the replacement contains a preservative - polyquaternium, to which I am allergic. This happened with a previous product I used. The formula was changed and I wondered why my face was turning red and itchy. After visits to the dermatologist I discovered quaternium was the culprit. There are surprising few hair products without this substance. Very disappointed that Nexxus has discontinued a perfectly good product - why', {'entities': [(458, 464, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have naturally curly hair and finally found a wonderful product with the Nexxus Exxtra Gel many, many years ago. Recently, the formula has changed and the hold is terrible!! My hair is a mess and the gel offers no help. PLEASE bring back the old gel formula!!', {'entities': [(75, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This new Gel is terrible. I've been using Nexxus Gel for years and loved it. Odor free, did not flake, right texture. This new stuff is thinner, does not hold as well and above all STINKS !!", {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I feel like this is New Coke moment for Nexxus. Please bring back the formula that everyone loves and has been using for decades. I cannot bear the new formula...it's thinner, has a strong chemical scent, and leaves an awful residue in the hair.", {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ive been using the Nexxus Exxtra Hair Gel for the past 15 years before you even started selling the non-salons retailers. Recently, I ran out of the Gel and had to restock. I usually buy 4-6 tubes at one time. I noticed its not the same strength and it has a new scent. I dont like it I prefer the old version. Do you sell the old version formula If so, where can I buy it If not, I will have to start looking for a new brand Gel.', {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never gave much thought about what I used to keep my hair in place over the years, I just used what my wife had around the house, as long as it wasn't greasy or smelly. So now on my own, as a widow, I used up what was always around over several years. I don't use much. Finally I had to replace the Nexxus Styling Gel, Pure Control Stylizer. I tried the revised Nexxus replacement product and had to throw it out. It was too greasy feeling and the smell was just to much. I hope you do bring back the prior formula, I haven't found a replacement, and one never knows what is missed until it isn't around anymore. And yes for me, this is a good problem to have most of my hair to deal with in my 70's. thx", {'entities': [(299, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved the Exxtra gel for about a decade, and I could sense that a change was coming with this gel quite some time ago. I thought it was being totally discontinued, so I rounded up every bottle I could find in the tan packaging and stock piled them. I was relieved to see Nexxus had released Exxtra gel in a shiny new package, and I promptly bought a few bottles online. My happiness changed forever when I realized that more than just the packaging had changed. Where had my beloved Exxtra gel gone The new formula does nothing for my frizz and curls, and to make matters worse the new scent is so overpowering! Nexxus should have specified on the packaging new formula when this was re-released...It is not the same gel, yet it boasts the same name. I will never buy this product again. I am now saving the rest of my tan Exxtra gel bottles for special occasions, and I'm now on the search for a new gel product all together. Such a shame.", {'entities': [(278, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If you bring back the old formula, I can GUARANTEE/PROMISE you, Nexxus, that I will buy YOUR hair gel, and NOBODY else's. The old formula was the BEST on the market ...period. As long as you sell it, I will buy it. I will not buy this new formula again, once was enough. Please bring the old formula back.", {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus for years, I have fine hair, it was the best gel I had ever used. But no more, it is thin and smells like dish soap. The new tube does not make it any better. I wish I had known they were going to change it. I would have bought a boat load of the old gel.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have bought Nexxus Exxtra Gel forever, more than 10 years. I just opened my latest tube, and it smells awful--just terrible. The gel is unusable. My wife said what stinks And that was 30 minutes later when she entered the room! Avoid the new Exxtra Gel. Nexxus, you have made a huge mistake with this new terrible stench scent. This customer is history.', {'entities': [(14, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Does not hold as well as the previous product. Noticeably different. I use to but 4-5 tubes at a time since they were hard to find. Now I am looking for a replacement product. No idea why Nexxus changed the product. Crazy!', {'entities': [(188, 194, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for years, but it is time to find a new gel if you don't bring back the original formula. I don't like the smell of the new formula and it doesn't hold as well as the old formula. Not to mention, the old formula was the only gel I have been able to find that I was able to get it wet and style my hair again later in the day. I won't buy another Nexxus product if this new formula is all you are going to sell going forward. And I only gave 1 star because you have to select at least one.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years it was used/recommended to me by my stylist. Neither of us could understand why the formula was changed! It is horrible -- doesn't hold fine hair and has an AWFUL scent. (I picked up a friend to go to a movie and she asked the name of the horrible perfume I had on!) I understand now (hopefully I'M right!) that you are going back to the old formula. Is that true How will we know I've already thrown 3 expensive tubes away -- won't buy any more (neither will my stylist recommend) until I'm sure I'm getting the good stuff!", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('2 out of 5 stars. Donald 2 months ago YOU CHANGED THE FORMULA.....NOT GOOD! Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!! Yes, I recommend this product. Review photo 1 Photo This action will open a modal dialog. Review photo 1 QUALITY 2 out of 5 FRAGRANCE 3 out of 5 1 person found this review helpful.0 people did not find this review helpful. Helpful Yes 1 1 person found this review helpful. Click to agree.No 0 0 people did not find this review helpful. Click to agree.Report RESPONSE FROM NEXXUS: Anonymous Csr Services 2 months ago We very much appreciate our consumers feedback, and weve heard you that this product as reformulated - is not providing the best Nexxus experience. Were happy to note that we are tweaking the product and will have the improved/restored formulation back shortly.', {'entities': [(81, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One would think that the staggering number of negative reviews of the new formula would coax the Nexxus folks into bringing back their old formula. I cannot fathom the decision behind continuing this new, ineffectual formula which, as far as I can tell, has only succeeded in losing customers.', {'entities': [(97, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This new gel is awful. I noticed the Nexxus comment that the old improved formula was coming back. Nexxus please advise ETA. Thanks. Jack', {'entities': [(37, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using your sculpting gel for quite a few years now and found it really made a difference for my straight hair to hold a style. This new formulation in the pinkish bronze tube does nothing at all, has no hold to it. I do not recommend it for any hair type. So why did you change your formula, Nexxus', {'entities': [(304, 310, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can no longer find the original Exxtra Gel - Superior Hold gel that I've been using for years, so I did try your new formula. I do not like it. I returned it. I find that the new formula does not hold as well as the original, and the new scent is way too strong! From your responses to the other disappointed reviews, I'm guessing that you will suggest I call your customer service number, which I will, but will Nexxus consider bringing the original formula back", {'entities': [(415, 421, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this product for 20+ years and was extremely satisfied with the old formula. I am very disappointed in the new formula. The new formula does not hold well at all compared to the old formula. Unfortunately, I am in search for a new product. I really hope Nexxus brings back the old formula.', {'entities': [(272, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Finally used up the last of my old tube and ordered this, not knowing they changed it. Terrible. I will not buy another Nexxus product unless they bring the old formula back. I'm sure they won't though, a shame.", {'entities': [(120, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this sculpting gel for over 10 years and have always gotten compliments on how great my thick curly hair was. Strangers would literally stop me to compliment me on my hair and ask what products I use. I would ALWAYS reccomend Nexxus super hold sculpting gel as my must have product. Unfortunately, the formula has been changed and the new one is no where near the original. Since then, I have tried loads of other gels from ridiculously priced high end to drug store specials and have come up disappointed with all of them. Nothing is like the original sculpting gel. Apparently after seeing the overall response to this product, I am clearly not alone on this. I have a tiny bit left of the old formula that I use sparingly for special occasions, this is pathetic lol!! Please bring the old formula back!!!', {'entities': [(244, 250, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only wish I knew that Nexxus would plan a drastic change to the formula for the Exxtra Gel. While the price is the same there it has an awful smell while the feel and the performance are not even close. Too bad I was a loyal buyer for years of the previous product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this gel for over 10 years, and WAS in love with this product. Ever since this transformation, it's HORRIBLE.... The consistency and smell is not the same and not even a close comparison. This was a huge mistake by Nexxus. I have curly frizzy hair and this new solution doesn't hold as well and smells bad. I'm very disappointed and now have to find a new product to use going forward. Even the packaging is even disappointing. This went from something that young people loved to use, to something I'd expect to find in my grandmother's salon.", {'entities': [(231, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have probably been using Nexxus extra hold for a good 25 years. My favorite was when we could purchase the product in the pump which has been gone for some time now. Recently, I went to buy the renamed exxtra superior hold only to find out the product is discontinued What happened to my good old Nexxus Exxtra Hold gel that gave my hair the wet look and incredible hold The new gel is so potent in smell and just does not offer the same quality that I have become accustom to over the past few decades. Unfortunately it is time to look for an alternate product as the new regime of Nexxus gel's are no longer meeting my needs.", {'entities': [(27, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and it was fantastic. The new formula is awful. Too much fragrance and does not leave hair feeling the same. I will not use it.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a loyal user of Nexxus Exxtra Gel for 20+ years. I loved it!! I would get compliments on my hair all the time and I have recommended it many times over the years. Nexxus, why did you change a good thing!! The new formula is thinner, has dried out my hair, does not control frizz at all and smells horribly like rubbing alcohol. I feel like I am using hand sanitizer on my hair!! Sadly, I am desperately searching for a new product to use on my hair. The only way I would purchase this product again is if you brought back your old formula.', {'entities': [(28, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new gel is no where near as good as the old gel. Perhaps its a financial decision to dilute the old gel and get 1.3 -1.5 more bottles out of one of the old thereby generating more revenue, OR perhaps its about a need for a new product yet not offering a market test Either way they DO need to bring the old one back. IN the alternative maybe Nexxus can offer the old gel for sale Online ONLY and see what the consumer preference is', {'entities': [(346, 352, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like a lot of other customers posts about this product, I do not like the change. I too have used this gel for years and loved it. I was hooked the 1st time I tried it. My hair is thick and naturally curly. I deal with a fair amount of frizz, a daily ordeal and nothing has helped like.Nexxus Gel. Now, I put your gel in my hair and as my hair dries it starts to feel like glue. Once my hair is dry, along with the feel of glue my hair feels like straw. I can't run my hand through my hair. I used to be able to get up the day after I washed my hair and add more gel to control any frizz. Now with the new gel when I try to put more gel in my hair, my hair feels like a stiff gluey mess. Stiff as straw and impossible to comb, even with a wide tooth comb. There's no shine, totally dull and lifeless. I was mortified some one might try to touch my hair. Really gross. I washed it out of my hair and never used it again. I've got half a tube and a full tube sitting in my closet, not being used! Please bring back your old gel! PLEASE!!!! Thank you", {'entities': [(286, 292, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Exxtra Gel since 1988 and it WAS the best gel on the market until earlier in 2015 when you made the mistake of re-formulating it. It is thinner in consistency and doesn't hold nearly as well as the previous formula. Now about the new scent, it is the most horrible smell you could have ever invented! Consider the fact that just as many men use your gel as women do, besides you don't need to add fragrance to styling gel. Men use cologne and women perfume. I have been using gel from one of your competitors, but if you restore your exxtra gel to the previous formula I will return to Nexxus.", {'entities': [(598, 604, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus EXXTRA Gel for almost 20 years and am very upset that the formula has changed. It does not compare with the old Gel and I don't like the strong smell. Please give us our old formula back. If you don't I have to find something else.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nexxus Exxtra Gel is no longer a product I will buy. The formulation has changed it does not perform anything akin to the previous product. I've been using this product for many years and will look for a replacement product.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a few months away from turning 50 and started using Nexxus Exxtra gel when I entered the military at age 18!!! Nexus Exxtra gel has been my/the ONLY gel that I have used or would use in more than 30 years...though the packaging has changed over the past 30+ years, the formula has ALWAYS remained true until now. Beleive me, it was perfect and you really should go back!!! The ORIGINAL formula was a great consistency to apply, superior hold, no flaking when combed out and absolutely no heavy build up....even after several days of use....NONE! My hair has always been important to me and my one TRIED and TRUE gel has changed. PLEASE change back.... When something is perfect, you don't change....read the hundreds and soon to be thousands of other reviews on this change.... Everyone hates the new stuff. I'm a 30 year veteran of your original product and hate the new stuff....you know it's not the same as soon as you apply it in your hands!", {'entities': [(57, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for many years. Recently bought 2 new tubes and hate it. It does not work at all like the previous formula and the scent is terrible. Who made this decision I want my money back.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like most others with curly hair it's near impossible to find the perfect product or combination of products to control the frizz and not kill your curl. The old version was awesome, smelled good and worked great with only small amounts needed. Who in the world changed it Did you use a focus group of actual customers The new product is terrible, doesn't do anything for my hair, is thin and smells terrible (like an old lady coming from the beauty parlor). For the love of all that's right, change it back PLEASE!!! 240 out of 270 reviewers hate it, I can't think of a better reason to go back to the original! Listen to your loyal customers Nexxus, or you'll lose them.", {'entities': [(644, 650, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel since the 80's....back when it was sold in salons. I have course, thick, curly hair and am also a professional hair stylist. I have tried tons of professional gels over the years and never found one that kept my curls nice and controlled fritz the way the OLD NEXXUS FORMULA did. The new formula is HORRIBLE!!! My hair is lifeless, frizzy and dull. I have also noticed my scalp itches quite a bit which I have never experienced before, but am unsure if the new formula could be causing it or not. PLEASE! Go back to the old formula! You had a great product for thick, curly hair! Most gels out there are so watery and are not compatible with that hair type. So many companies cater to normal or fine hair types, it is ridiculous. After reading so many of the reviews I am hoping you honor your loyal customers requests and go back to the old formula! If you want to change anything on the old formula you could change the scent... it smells more masculine. A more sweet, fresh scent would be nice.... but using the old formula!", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was an advis user of Nexxus Extra Gel. I recently purchased a new bottle. I absolutely LOVE the fragrance, however they must have changed the formula because my curls are not the same. I wish they would go back to the original formula. It's just not the same. Sorry Nexxus.", {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to use the Nexxus Exxtra Gel all the time before they changed to product and added fragrance. The gel did not hold up well anymore and my hair smelled like a woman kind of hard to use it when your man. Wish they still had the old non fragranced gel.', {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A couple years ago I tried the Nexxus Exxtra Gel and it was the best gel I had ever used. I was an instant fan and became a loyal customer of this and some of the other Nexxus products. I would brag about Nexxus anytime a stylist asked me to try something different. Unfortunately I'm no longer a fan after having bought two bottles of the newly formulated Nexxus Exxtra Gel. The new formula is now the worst gel I have ever used and I'm upset that the new prettier packaging didn't bother to advertise they changed the formula. I bought the first bottle and thought someone must have tampered with it because it smelled like baby oil. when I bought the second bottle I realized that the formula really had been changed to one that seemed watered down and cheap. It has turned me away from the Nexxus product line I once bragged about and my stylists are happy that I'm buying different brands from them again.", {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why do companies have to change a product that works! I have been using Nexxus Extra Gel for better then 10 years now it is no longer available. I purchased Nexxus Extra Gel Professional and it is horrible. It is thinner and the smell is terrible too strong for a male. I went on-line to locate the original product and it is priced through the roof. I would buy a case if I could locate one. I do not recommend this professional product. Time to find a different product.', {'entities': [(72, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I totally agree with the customers who have expressed their displeasure. I am so disappointed that Nexxus has changed the formula of the Exxtra Gel. I have been using the previous product exclusively for a number of years. I have thin hair and the original gel was the only product the allowed me to achieve the results I wanted. I am saddened that I now have to buy different products to find the one that will work for me. If Nexxus were to return to the original formula, I would certainly purchase the product. If the product remains as it is now, I will not be purchasing any Nexxus products in the future.', {'entities': [(99, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra Gel for years and just purchased a new tube. I am very disappointed in the new product. It has made my hair oily and I do not like the scent. I will be looking for a replacement product on my next shopping trip. I can't imagine why you changed something that was so good to begin with. Also, the new tube has a lot more ingredients than my old tube. Please go back to the original recipe.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like almost everyone else I absolutely can't stand this new formula. I've been using this gel for 20+ years. Nothing came close to the old formula. Now the new formula stinks (smell), doesn't work as well. I'm looking at alternative gels. Nexxus messed up BIG TIME!!!!!", {'entities': [(239, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had been using the old formula for a great number of years an loved it. The new formula is thinner, has a stronger fragrance which competes with my cologne and has less hold. I can't image why Nexxus would find this to be an improvement. NOT a good move. I want my old product back!!!", {'entities': [(195, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nexxus has changed their exxtra gel. The new formula makes hair a frizzy mess. Look St how old the other reviews are. They are for the old formula which was great.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this hair gel for many years and recently Nexxus changed the product, adding a fragrance which is horrible. Please bring back the original gel!', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the original product for around 15 years. I saw the new packaging and thought it was just marketing, however the formula has changed too. I apply this product to my hair before it fully dries, now with the new thinner formula all the hold is gone by the time my hair is dry. Its as if it is mainly alcohol and evaporates away. Hopefully Nexxus will quickly change the formula back due to all the bad reviews, or I will be looking for a new gel product.", {'entities': [(353, 359, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using this gel for over 10 years. Up until a couple of years ago it said it had UV protection. Then you changed it. Then a couple of weeks ago I ran out and went to get more and you changed it again. It seems more watery, it doesn't hold as well, and it smells different. Today I went and bought a different brand. I hated to, but the Nexxus isn't what it used to be.", {'entities': [(347, 353, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a loyal user of the Nexxus Exxtra Superior Hold Gel product for 10+ years. I've tried other lower priced competitors, but kept coming back to Nexxus based on its performance. However, with this new version doesn't measure up to the old. It's less thick than the older version and the new scent just isn't pleasant ( the older version had a much milder scent).", {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Nexxus Exxtra for more than 10 years (even after it was discontinued). So when I saw it back on the market, I had to get it. this new gel is not as thick as the original which is better for today's softer more pliable looking hair. The problem is that the scent is so strong that it makes me not want to use it.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had used the previous Nexxus Extra Gel Superior Hold Sculpting Gel for years and loved it! Then it disappeared from my local drugstores for awhile then reappeared in a new peach-colored tube. I'm really disappointed in the new version. The scent is terrible and much too strong. The body, hold, and control I got from the previous version was far superior. And to make matters worse, the tube split along the side during the third use. Now I'm looking for another brand. Why did you have to mess with such a great product!", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!!', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had used the previous Nexxus Extra Gel Superior Hold Sculpting Gel for years and loved it! Then it disappeared from my local drugstores for awhile then reappeared in a new peach-colored tube. I'm really disappointed in the new version. The scent is terrible and much too strong. The body, hold, and control I got from the previous version was far superior. And to make matters worse, the tube split along the side during the third use. Now I'm looking for another brand. Why did you have to mess with such a great product!", {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this hair gel for many years and recently Nexxus changed the product, adding a fragrance which is horrible. Please bring back the original gel!', {'entities': [(54, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Dear Nexxus: I have used your Exxtra Gel, Superior Hold for several years, sold in the tan colored tube. Within the last 6 months or so, the packaging has changed to the copper colored tube, and the gel is different as well. It is less thick and does not hold as well. I was in a store recently and managed to find the older version. It reaffirms my contention that this new formula is not as effective as the old one. Please bring it back!!!', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the original product for around 15 years. I saw the new packaging and thought it was just marketing, however the formula has changed too. I apply this product to my hair before it fully dries, now with the new thinner formula all the hold is gone by the time my hair is dry. Its as if it is mainly alcohol and evaporates away. Hopefully Nexxus will quickly change the formula back due to all the bad reviews, or I will be looking for a new gel product.", {'entities': [(353, 359, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have to admit that I was a little skeptical receiving this gel courtesy of Influenster to review. I have natural 4C texture hair that's super thick and curly. This gel defined and held my curls nicely without all the common negatives that I run into. My hair didn't have residue, wasn't weighed down, and my curls weren't crunchy. This is my first Nexxus product and I must say that I'm definitely a believer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(350, 356, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have curly hair. In the winter I blow dry my hair out straight. Then I apply this gel.I love it because it keeps me hair feeling very clean and non-greasy. That's really important to me in choosing a finishing product. Thank you Nexxus!", {'entities': [(231, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this gel for 10 years and I can't find any other to replace it. My hairstylist in New York used it in my crop haircut and Exxtra Gel gave the hairstyle an edge that I adore. I don't go to the hairstylist anymore (I miss him) but I still use the gel. Thanks Nexxus.", {'entities': [(273, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I first used Nexxus Extra Hold Sculpting Gel when my fine blond hair began making me look like a such a wild woman after morning traffic duty at my elementary campus that small children would not greet me. In order to connect with the students I wanted to have a more ordered look when returning to my administrative position. I wanted to instill love, not fear. Nexxus helped so very much that I have continued to use it even now at the age of 73. Yes, my hair still looks quite nice, thanks to Nexxus!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this gel for 10 years and I can't find any other to replace it. My hairstylist in New York used it in my crop haircut and Exxtra Gel gave the hairstyle an edge that I adore. I don't go to the hairstylist anymore (I miss him) but I still use the gel. Thanks Nexxus.", {'entities': [(273, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I first used Nexxus Extra Hold Sculpting Gel when my fine blond hair began making me look like a such a wild woman after morning traffic duty at my elementary campus that small children would not greet me. In order to connect with the students I wanted to have a more ordered look when returning to my administrative position. I wanted to instill love, not fear. Nexxus helped so very much that I have continued to use it even now at the age of 73. Yes, my hair still looks quite nice, thanks to Nexxus!', {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have curly hair. In the winter I blow dry my hair out straight. Then I apply this gel.I love it because it keeps me hair feeling very clean and non-greasy. That's really important to me in choosing a finishing product. Thank you Nexxus!", {'entities': [(231, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this gel for 10 years and I can't find any other to replace it. My hairstylist in New York used it in my crop haircut and Exxtra Gel gave the hairstyle an edge that I adore.I don't go to the hairstylist anymore (I miss him) but I still use the gel.Thanks Nexxus.", {'entities': [(271, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am SO disappointed that Nexxus stopped making the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. It was the ONLY product that tamed my fine, wavy hair without weighing it down. After reading the reviews on the new product, it sounds like all the other anti-frizz products that make the hair stiff and weigh it down. I will not be trying it. Nexxus had an amazing product in the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. What a shame.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used the older Heat RX Protexx spray, but they discontinued this and replaced it with this product. This product smells lovely, and makes my hair look fabulous after using a hair dryer, but the following morning when I wash my hair, handfuls of hair began falling out. I intentionally stopped using it for 2 weeks, and my hair loss returned to normal amounts. I started using it again, and the huge hairloss resumed. Something in this product is making the hair very fragile, and it is breaking off. I use Nexxus Therappe shampoo and Humectress conditioner daily and have for more than 20 years. I am very disappointed in this product.', {'entities': [(520, 526, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am SO disappointed that Nexxus stopped making the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. It was the ONLY product that tamed my fine, wavy hair without weighing it down. After reading the reviews on the new product, it sounds like all the other anti-frizz products that make the hair stiff and weigh it down. I will not be trying it. Nexxus had an amazing product in the Pro-Mend Heat Protection Styling Spray. What a shame.', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried this after Nexxus stopped making the ProMend hear protectant in the gold bottle. I figured that it was basically the same thing. I was wrong. First of all, this doesn't smell very good. It's not awful, but it's a strong scent and I don't like it at all. Secondly, it basically doesn't work. With the other ProMend, my split ends were all but invisible after I used it and straightened my hair. With this, my hair was stiff and didn't move very well, as well as got very tangled because my split ends hadn't molded back together as they had with the previous incarnation. Don't get me wrong, it's still better than drugstore brand protectants like Tresemme, but I don't think I'll be using it again. It comes in a tiny bottle, smells funky, and doesn't do what it says it will. Not worth the cost.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tried the Promend line and the first use felt like no other product I've ever applied to my hair. I went to get my hair washed and she showed me the Nexxus brand products. My hair felt like a fresh cut. I remind you I only went for a shampoo and conditioner. No hair cut. My hair stylist simply used the leave in conditioner. Loved the results.", {'entities': [(149, 155, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use heat on my hair at least 4 days out of the week. My go-to heat protecting spray has finally been replaced by the Nexxus brand. This mist smells wonderful and is so moisturizing without making my hair oily. It obviously does a great job with protecting my hair from heat. Absolutely wonderful product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nexxus Promend is light weight, and not greasy at all. I have noticed that my hair is shinier when I use it, and I seem to have less fly aways. It also smells great. Another reason why I think I have found my 'forever brand!'", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Chips Ahoy. But bought these from Walmart they were old dry and crumbly.', {'entities': [(5, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In my work this week we examined and tasted three different brands of cookies (store-bought). The cookie brands were Chips Ahoy, Sunny Select, and Keebler Deluxe. We looked at the physical appearance, the sensory description, and the consumer description. Some similarities of all the cookies are listed below: All three cookies were chocolate chip original. All package sizes were 24. All cookies were dry and crumbly. All have chemical bitter aftertaste. Some differences are listed below: The price is different for all three cookies( Chips Ahoy: 4.29, Sunny Select: 2.49, and Keebler Deluxe: 3.49) Taste Given the information I have found I would not buy store- bought due to processing and unknown chemicals.', {'entities': [(117, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cookie Reviews Jayne In our class this week we tried three cookies Chips Ahoy, Sunny Select, and Keebler Deluxe. We looked, ate, and smelled them all and for the similarities and differences. They all were store bought, chocolate chip original, all of them were bought from Food Maxx, similar size, two-dozen per package, flat on bottom, dry and crumbly. They were different by the packaging, calories, prices, special deals/promotions, taste and thickness. Given just these choices I would buy Sunny Select because I think they are the best tasting.', {'entities': [(67, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing like a cold glass of milk and some yummy Chips Ahoy chocolate chip cookies before bedtime. A little thin, but still great taste.', {'entities': [(49, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Chocolate chip cookies and the name Chips Ahoy go hand in hand. There is simply no other cookie that can live up to it's chocolatey taste!", {'entities': [(36, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cookies By sandy cheeks This week of school in Ms.Hickok class we were taste testing three different brand of cookies Chips Ahoy,Sunny Select, and Keebler Deluxe. As 20 students taste cookies all students write down what they are smelling,touching,tasting,and seeing the class will write down information and review this information onto walmart.com . What the cookies had in common was they were all very similar size and had all had very crunchy texture and had and was a hard cookie', {'entities': [(118, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Chips Ahoy Cookies! They are very great and I like that I can purchase them online. Its very convenient if you don't have transportation and you have a taste for snacks!", {'entities': [(7, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new versions of Caress bar soap smell way to strong - they stunk up our whole house. I had to wrap them in plastic and give them to a homeless shelter. Please go back to the wonderful original scent.', {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Caress bar soap is so good! I will be stocking up on this soap and I'm so glad my local grocer sells it in abundance. I don't know why I've ignored it for so long. It's so luxurious to use! It lathers well and rinses right off leaving the skin very soft and smooth. No filmy residue left behind. The fragrance is nice like perfume. I'm so torn between Caress and Dove soap. I really wanted to settle on one brand of soap, but I'm going to have to buy them both! One is gentler to my skin and the other, the scent is so soft and clean.", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Caress Daily Silk Beauty Bar is one of my favorites due to the white peach and silky orange blossom scent. Additionally, I was able to get the bars for an affordable price at my job. The lather goes on smoothly on my skin and leaves my skin feeling soft and smooth. I also like that the manufacturer is generous with the amount of soap that the packages come in (due to me going through the soap pretty quick).', {'entities': [(5, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only is this my favorite brand of body wash but it's my favorite thing to use to shave my legs. I used this body wash to shave my legs a couple of days ago and it made my legs so soft that i felt sexy, even after yesterday my legs were still really smooth and silky. I'm going to buy the soap soon so that i can use that instead of wasting my body wash. Thanks Caress.", {'entities': [(365, 371, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Caress for many years. I love the smell, not too strong and smoothness my entire body feels after a shower/bath before applying any additional lotions.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Cares for years and It hasn't changed a bit. It's still soft and easy on the skin. Caress was also recommended by my dermatoligist years ago too.", {'entities': [(95, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't use bar soap often, but when I do I always use Caress soap. I have sensitive skin and this soap does an excellent job of cleaning my skin and moisturizing it, too. I never get any weird rashes or itchy skin from this soap. It lathers very well and smells so clean and fresh. I can still smell this soap long after I have bathed. I will continue to use Caress in the original scent.", {'entities': [(55, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Caress Soap for over 20 yrs. this should tell you something about how good it is. Love it!", {'entities': [(10, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the way my skin feels using Caress bath bars', {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Caress Daily Silk its very good for my skin.', {'entities': [(11, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use the liquid Caress for my shower, but use these wonderful bars as fragrances for my lingerie drawers and clothes closets. Unwrap the soap and place in a net bag and you have a beautiful, inexpensive poupourri to fragrance your personal spaces.', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Excellet product. My skin is more soft. Buy Caress is good and have low price.', {'entities': [(44, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Caress Daily Silk Moisturizing Body Bar is one of my favorite soaps in the world. Great customer service and prompt', {'entities': [(4, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently purchased Caress body wash. I was amazed to see the variety of fragrances. Caress not only cleans the body, but it nourishes as well.', {'entities': [(21, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought a 6-pack of these Feit 60W Equivalent Warm White (3000K) A19 LED bulbs, but I also bought a few Phillips 60W Equivalent Warm White LED bulbs too. They looked exactly the same, so I wanted to see how they compared, and I'm glad I did. Upon installing these bulbs in various fixtures around the house, I have noticed that every one of the Feit bulbs flicker - reacting to the slightest frequencies. Initially, I attempted to just put up with it, because they were cheap, but now it has become increasingly irritating. In comparison, the Phillips LED bulbs I purchased have a warmer white light, and they also do not flicker. So yes, the extra few cents I saved by going for these cheap Fiet bulbs - definitely NOT worth it. Go for quality, not quantity.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("No matter which method I use to remove make-up, I finish up with this. I'm amazed that this product works like it does to really get down in the pores and lift out hidden residue. I'm sold on this and I'm not easy to convince. Maybelline products have come a long way in competing with high end cosmetic companies that I have used for years, such as Dior. I'm very happy to purchase Maybelline at 1/4 the price I have been paying!", {'entities': [(227, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hello !I bought a shade: Maybelline New York Silk Eyeshadow Quad, Smokey Night, 0.09 Ounce. I just received a syrup: Children's Benadryl-D ALERGY SINUS. Please I require the return of the money that is in the bill.Thank you", {'entities': [(25, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm very surprised by the overwhelmingly positive reviews of this eyeshadow on Amazon, as any other make-up website give this product a mediocre rating at best. I bought 50 Taupe Temptress yesterday. The colors are beautiful in the packaging, but the pigment in the shadow is almost non-existent, and I had to go over my lid multiple times with the middle two colors to get the colors to show (yes, I use a primer, so no lectures, please). The only exception was the last color on the end, which appears black(!), not a deep rose color, when applied. I had a really hard time getting the colors to blend. The applicator is silly skinny, you'll feel like you are using a q-tip. I usually wear Clinique eyeshadows, but this is an expensive habit and I was hoping this would be a cheaper alternative for the quads I normally use. But what is more expensive is paying 9 at the drugstore and not using it at all. I'm so disappointed, I'm actually considering contacting Maybelline to return the product and get my money back. For those that are considering purchasing this, check the reviews at other websites first to get a more balanced view of the product.", {'entities': [(965, 975, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Maybelline New York Eye Studio Color Plush Silk Eyeshadow, Green with Envy...I was broken when I got it. I like the colors but was not able to enjoy it.', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the colors on this palette, but I found them to be very sheer. When first applied, they look nice, but they fade throughout the day. By the time I got home, I looked like I hardly had any color on. I do not use primer with shadows, and that might be my problem, but I don't usually have issues with other brands or formulas from Maybelline. I'm trying some different colors in the same style to see if they're similar.", {'entities': [(336, 346, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This eye shadow palette suits my green eyes nicely, and various colors also blend well with other Maybelline shadows I have. I do find you need to layer the color on to get some good depth (I do use a base), and I use my own brushes, not the funky applicator that comes with this set.I haven't had any issues with breakage or crumbling as some others report.These shadows are very shimmery, so if you like a more matte finish, I would look for similar shades in other matte products.I do like to go for more natural based or mineral make up, and I have just been experimenting with other brands. I am disappointed in some of the ingredients in this palette, such as talc and parabens. But I knew that when I bought it.Overall a very adequate eye shadow quad in nice colors that I will continue to use for certain occasions......but probably not my everyday go-to shadows.", {'entities': [(98, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Honestly I love the pigmentation and shimmer of Maybelline New York eye shadows so it has pretty quickly become one of my favorite brands.I ordered the Taupe Temptress and absolutely love the colors by themselves or mixed together to form a more done up look.', {'entities': [(48, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ordered this because I received an email that it was on sale. The colors were just great for my eye color (blue) and they were indeed very silky and easy to apply. If I have a complaint, it's that Maybelline eye-shadow products (and some of their blush) is very difficult for me to open. I am happy they seal well for travelling purposes, but on a day to day basis, I think I've broken approximately 30 nails over the years. Maybe there is a trick to it that I'm unaware of but until I figure it out, I can't give this the full five stars. Good color palate and the colors do go well together.", {'entities': [(199, 209, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was ecstatic when I found this color in a local drug store almost a couple of years ago. But, for some reason, it wasn't always available at any of the other drug stores. I looked high and low for it, and usually bought two at a time, because it was hard to find. Now that I found it here on Amazon, I am thrilled to be able to easily purchase it, keeping enough on hand to always have my favorite color eyeshadow! It goes on well, and wears throughout the day well. If I need to re-apply, it's only as a touch up, mostly on the dark color. Again, I'm very happy that Maybelline made a purple combination that I absolutely love! I'll definitely stock up on this one for sure!!", {'entities': [(570, 580, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this makeup, I use it when I want to highlight and contour my eyes. This makeup is very blendable, but it stays on all day after it's been applied. I love Maybelline, it is one of my favorite brands. The eye shadow is the best!", {'entities': [(162, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great product, I love Maybelline and the item was on sale, so I couldn't pass it up! Colors are really pretty!", {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm actually really impressed by the pigmentation on these palettes, which was my biggest concern on a drug store, inexpensive brand. The colors are VIBRANT! I only need to apply one layer of each shade I want to blend to get the point across, but can swipe it twice for a more dramatic look.When buying colors such as these that I am not going to use every day, I wanted the price point to be reasonable, and Maybelline fits the bill.I also find the colors to be very accurate to what is pictured in Amazon's photos. I would highly recommend these, and I definitely went back and bought more since my original purchase!", {'entities': [(410, 420, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are true Maybelline. You know in advance what you will be getting. Quality and smooth color, enhancing your eyes!', {'entities': [(15, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Very satisfied with my purchase. I've never worn Maybelline makeup so I decided to give it a try because of the price and color pallet. I'm definitely stocking up on this product. Colors are neutral so they can be worn with any outfit choice. Tip: add a drop of water to the eye shadow to create a smoother finish.", {'entities': [(49, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product. Very good color and quality. Very good purchase. I would recommend it to anyone. Love amazon. Love Maybelline.', {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked this product a lot! I have small eyes and these shiny colors helped my eyes to pop up! I really recommend Maybelline without any hesitation!', {'entities': [(121, 131, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This purchase was a good decision because it gives your eyes a dreamy look---with pazzaz (sp) but you know what I mean! I love the drawing on the back so you know how to get that look!! I've always been a Maybelline girl, but I've used MAC, Yves Saint Laurent, Mary Kay, Avon, some Cover Girl and others like Your Best Friend! These though the 24hr Tattoo Shadow can't be beat!! Buy them and have fun everybody!!", {'entities': [(205, 215, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a nice line of Maybelline shadows, and I especially recommend Give Me Gold and Copper Chic. These metallic shades are not only great on their own, they are fabulous as added touches with all your other shades of eyeshadow, no matter what brand. These are certainly worth giving a try, and I recommend you check them out in person, so you can closely examine the colors yourself. Nice stuff!', {'entities': [(23, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not have a large fancy eyeshadow collection so I don't have too much experience with different brands. However, when I swatched these Maybelline Eye Studio Quad in Irresistible Ivy, I was amazed at how pigmented and silky the shadows were compared to all the others I own. There are so many looks you can create with these quads and I look forward to growing my collection of shadows starting with this collection.", {'entities': [(139, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the Maybelline Color Plush Quads. The pigmentation is amazing and they have a great shimmmer, glamming up your everyday look. I highly recomend this product.', {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really wanted to love this product. And actually, if they didn't package it with that ridiculous sponge applicator I would like it. But the sponge is so awful, I can't even finish the package I have now. Why can't they just sell it with a wand instead of this gimmicky applicator Here are the problems with the applicator: 1. You cannot clean it!! It's just gross, putting a dirty applicator near your eye. And besides, the make-up in the sponge dries a bit and builds up. And then it's hard to get any new product. 2. The top falls off easily, making the sponge applicator even more prone to dirt and grime. Yuck!! 3. The sponge itself is of a poor cosmetic quality. It's rough and it tugs at the skin. Um, Maybelline, you are selling this to mature women who DO NOT need to be tugging at the skin under their eyes. I really wanted to like this. And I wanted to like the foundation. But the applicator sucks. They have a good product. But they went a ruined it with a terrible, terrible applicator.", {'entities': [(710, 720, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The container mechanism does not work. Unfortunately I discarded the receipt before I found out and I am unable to return the product. I will ask Maybelline for a replacement, and if they send one I will rewrite my review.', {'entities': [(146, 156, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is absolutely the best concealer I have ever used - glides on easily, great color, great coverage, doesn't crease. The problem is the applicator. After the product is about half done, the clicker breaks and concealer doesn't come out. I am on my fourth tube, and all have the same design flaw. Maybelline - please fix the design!", {'entities': [(299, 309, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved this product upon first use. I have dark circles and have only found one product in the past to cover them, unfortunately it's an expensive department store purchase. The Instant Age Rewind Eraser has a wonderful applicator tip that provided flawless coverage at a great price. I saw a reduction in puffiness too. However, the twisting mechanism broke after only one week of daily use! Disappointing, Maybelline!", {'entities': [(409, 419, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had this product for about 3 weeks and I absolutely love it! I had to work with it a little to figure out the best way for coverage but after playing with it a little I figured it out. I love the applicator because it is soft which is what everyone needs on their undereyes. I use the product under my foundation to cover the redness on my nose, cheeks, and for any acne breakouts I may have. I use the concealer on top of my foundation to conceal the dark circles under my eyes. It is also great for highlighting BUT I prefer one of Maybellines other products for this.", {'entities': [(539, 549, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was using a Bobbi Brown eye concealer before I bought this and don't get me wrong it worked well. I decided to switch because it was getting expensive buying the name brand stuff. I bought Maybelline's instant age rewind eraser about a month ago and I love it! It is so easy to apply because of the sponge at the end and if you need more you simply turn the top and it will release more. I use a brush to blend it in and out powder to set it in and it seems to work perfectly. I have used others that are to oily and leaves lines under my eyes and I have also used some that dry like paint and have a crackle look that makes my skin look like its peeling. This one does neither!", {'entities': [(191, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Maybelline Instant Age Rewind Eraser Dark Circle Treatment and Concealer. It give my face an even skin tone and stays on well. I apply it to my entire face, not just under my eyes!', {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best concealer I have ever used. I am 58 but have been told I look like 38. Thanks Maybelline.', {'entities': [(95, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Maybelline makeup and loved it. This was no exception. This concealer is one of the best and the age rewind is a plus.', {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never tried Maybelline products before because I'm allergic to certain ingredients so it limits my choices. This covers up my dark circles! Woohoo!! I'm relieved I found something affordable that actually works and that I'm not allergic to. Please keep making this! I picked it up at Target, btw", {'entities': [(12, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm 64 and ever since I was 17, I've been searching for an effective concealer of hereditary dark circles. I've tried everything from Estee Lauder to Bobby Brown. This is it! It covers but doesn't settle into fine lines. Thanks Maybelline.", {'entities': [(228, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This eyeliner was horrible. It was so watery looks like water color paint. I would not recommend this Maybelline product. Their other liquid eyeliners are pretty good though.', {'entities': [(102, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the eye liner is too watery . and when applied, it takes a very long time to dry. Also when tried to remove it, gotta scrub a lot causing pain. this is going back . the worst product ever by Maybelline.', {'entities': [(191, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i wish I would have read the reviews before buying this. it goes on okay but then it becomes sticky, similar to left over eyelash glue. I usually don't buy Maybelline products, I remember why now. what a waste of money!", {'entities': [(156, 166, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the liner on my hand when I got home and color wasn't as vibrant as I thought it would be. It's basically gray. It doesn't last. It's a shame the product is no good. I love Maybelline but I want my money back.", {'entities': [(181, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was looking to try a purple liquid eyeliner. I was excited when I saw Maybelline made one, as I am usually very satisfied with this product. When I applied the liner, I saw literally no change in the appearance of my eye. It all flaked off and went directly into my eyelashes. Some of the flakes fell into my eye and it burned. I applied some to the back of my hand to see if I needed to apply it differently to my eyes and saw little to no pigment. It felt very sticky and all I had to do to remove all color was rub it off with my finger. No pigment was left on my hand after gently rubbing my finger across the line I made. This is quite possibly the worst eyeliner I have ever used. I am disappointed in Maybelline.', {'entities': [(72, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a huge fan of many Maybelline products so I was excited when I saw the ads for this eyeliner. I purchased the purple shade, but it was so thin and watery no matter how much I shook up the container. Rotating the container as directed also failed to cause any change in the thickness of the line which was almost transparent. I'm unable to use the product since I need dramatic makeup for my work as a musician. I had to go out and buy a different brand. What a disappointment!", {'entities': [(24, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Finding a good shade of purple liquid liner is proving to be nearly impossible- and unfortunately- this product is practically transparent, gloppy, and lines nothing. I've applied six coats and you can't tell the difference between the eye that's lined and the eye that's not. It's rather appalling that Maybelline is even charging for this product- that's how bad it is. If I could give this no stars I would. It's a colossal waste of money", {'entities': [(304, 314, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the black and fell in love with it. I figured I would try this one in violet. I can't wait till Monday to contact Maybelline. There is no color to this. It was like putting on slightly purple water and my eyes are burning. I wash my make up off every night and actually thought I had pink eye this morning. Horrible product!", {'entities': [(126, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will never purchase liquid liner from Maybelline again. This liner is Watery and the supposed double wand is awkward To hold and maneuver. I'm a seasoned liquid liner gal and I know this product is not user friendly. Not worth the retail price.", {'entities': [(40, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never bought Maybelline but after seeing the commercial about this eyeliner I just had to have it. I bought it in voilet and this is THE most watery stuff I've ever seen. It doesn't show any color at all!!! Worst I've ever come across to be honest.", {'entities': [(13, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried this mascara for the first time and my eyes started burning. I took it off and my eyes were bloodshot. The next day I tried my normal mascara and I was perfectly fine. I wear contacts, but I have never had this happen with the other Maybelline mascaras that I have tried. I don't know if I got a bad tube or what.", {'entities': [(241, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Worst mascara I have bought from Maybelline yet. I have three in my bag and this is the only one that breaks after wearing for 2-4 hours. It flakes off and is very stiff. Very unhappy with this one!', {'entities': [(33, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Since Maybelline stopped the Great Lash Blackish/Brown this is no improvement on that, It is no comparison . I do not know why you would not have brownish/black still for older woman, even I look washed out not happy at all. Older woman suit brown', {'entities': [(6, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been buying Great Lash mascara since high school, about a thousand years ago! That's why I was SO disappointed when I bought this product and found it was VERY much below Maybelline's usually good quality. It clumped so badly I was almost embarrassed to leave the house with it on. Please take this product off the market so no one else wastes their hard-earned money on it.", {'entities': [(176, 186, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always liked the Great Lash mascaras from Maybelline, but I had a hard time applying this mascara to my lashes. Using the brush was just a big fuss for me to use in the mornings. It also clumps after more than 2 coats and creates 'raccoon eyes'.", {'entities': [(44, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this product since i was a teen! My mom introduced me to it. The mascara its self has a light feel and is long lasting, of course I love other Maybelline products but this is no doubt my favorite!', {'entities': [(155, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Royal Blue has been the ONLY COLOR OF MASCARA I have ever worn. And Maybelline was the only brand. Now I can't find it anywhere! Everything else looks just blah. PLEASE bring it back again. We're desperate!", {'entities': [(68, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Maybelline's Royal Blue is the only mascara I have used since I started wearing makeup. I get many compliments on the Royal Blue mascara. At least make it available to buy online.", {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product continues being my all time Maybelline eye lash mascara. I have tried others only to come back to my favorite and becoming a loyal fan to this product!!!', {'entities': [(41, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I remember my Mom using Great Lash Mascara when I was a child. I also use it. It's the only mascara I have ever used. I trust Maybelline products.", {'entities': [(126, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Im a lash girl. I accent my eyelashes with all of my looks. I only wear Maybelline but I never tried Lots of Lashes. The look Ive been dying for is just for my lashes to be long and straight not long and curled. This mascara gave me exactly what I was looking for.', {'entities': [(72, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a mature and very proud cross dresser and since I have been dressing I have always used Maybelline Great lash as my Mascara and have loved it from day one. I have tried other's and none can compare to the quality I have found in great lash.", {'entities': [(93, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("More accurately I'd give it a 4.5 because auto focus isnt as great as other Sony lenses, but the quality, colors, build all make up for it by alot. This hasnt left my A6000 since and I even sold my other lenses because the quality of this convinced me to upgrade my other lens. Definitely buy it, if you need a wide angle lens or something for street photography. How close you can get with this lens is also amazing!", {'entities': [(76, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the feel of the earplugs. However, I am not able to get it to work. Waiting on a friend to help me. Since it is a Sony, I'm sure it will be great.", {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am SAP professional, I choosed this product for Sony brand and trust and it works also for listening music but sorry to say not good for taking call, I used to take business call everyday and wondering how Sony can forget to add a simple button for mute. Mute button is very missing makes less useful for call, this is wired. During running you have to stop and adjust headset.', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Sony - XB70BT Extra Bass Wireless In-Ear Headphones Audio quality is very good and it is not the best one. If you like heavy Bass, you won't be disappointed with these headphones. Setup is very easy and able to pair with phone very quickly using bluetooth. The call quality is not great with these headphones. The neck band is not good and it does not fit securely on your neck while doing exercise. If you are going to use it for listening music, it will work without any issues. I have listed some of the features below.Dynamic sound - EXTRA BASS sound brings extra low end punch to all your music.Wireless freedom - Bluetooth connectivity and a nine-hour battery life for all-day wireless listening.Big beats on tap - EXTRA BASS sound has enhanced low frequencies, so beats are powerful and punchy.Remote control - Convenient buttons let you control calls and music playback without touching your smartphone.Long battery life - The built-in battery gives you nine hours of wireless playback, so you can listen all day.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The sony extra bass XB70BT is a around the neck wireless headset that offers sound pushing bass with HD voice quality for cell phone talk. Right out of the box one of the first noticeable thing was the quality of the band. The band that rest around your neck appears to be a flexible silicon base product. While this may seem ideal in the way of sturdiness this tends to be a nuisance for those seeking to do heavy workouts or running. The band has no rigidity so you are able to twist it and even lay it flat on the table in a straight line. Paring the device is easy and just takes a matter of seconds all you need is a device which offers Bluetooth, which basically covers almost any current product made now. I decided to take this product to the gym to see how the head set would hold up in some high intensity workouts. One of the first things i noticed was it did not rest around my neck in a position that allowed me to tuck it away under my collar line. In fact in my opinion it looked awkward and could not be easily displaced. As i began running i noticed the headset started to shift down to my left side making it even more awkward around my neck, i assume this was due to the fact that this side probably carried more weight and without the rigidity of a normal neckband there was really nothing there to stop if from sliding. Sony provides a clip that allows you to hold your earbud wires together and adjust there position but this did not help the situation too much as far as movement was concerned. As i began to sweat more i noticed the neck band became more unstable around my neck and slid around alot more easily. I did notice the earbuds did fit firmly in my ear canal and never once did i feel they were about to fall out. The ear buds come with three different sizes to fit all needs so you shouldn't have a problem fitting them. Aside from the awkward band lets talk about sound quality, after all that's what Sony is really known for. The sound quality was awesome. I am a big fan of products that can really push the bass out without taking away from vocals and my highs or mids. One of the biggest problems i have found with wireless headsets is there ability to put out some heavy hitting bass. Now while the more expensive over the ear style will do a better job, these headsets are definitely no push over. The sound quality significantly made up for the poor design. And while i wish the battery life would of been longer, 9 hours of battery life is more then adequate to enjoy some of the superb sound quality your songs will have to offer. At the end of the day this is a good headset for the price and the main reason for 3 stars is the weird silicon design for the band. The Good:-Awesome sound quality with superb bass that does not take away from the rest of the sound quality-9 hour battery life-HD sound and voice for cell phone talk-Affordable priceThe Bad:-Awkward band that at times does not feel secure", {'entities': [(1341, 1345, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Name brand Sony. Was looking for something like this. Got a good deal, but when I paired with my iPhone 7, there were consistent complaints about low audio, so I would not recommend for use with a phone.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Sony wireless earphones are pretty good and have bass.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So gutted that i had to return them but i had no choice.For the last 9 years i've used nothing but Sony headphones and never been disappointed until i've bought these ones.Don't get me wrong, sound and mic quality are brilliant but the design of them is very poor.If you're not a very active person, this product will be perfect for you but if you're planning on using them for running, working out or anything that requires a lot of movement...they're no good.They have no structure to hold them in place, they jump and slide around a lot, they will fall off while laying on your back unless you use the little wire clip but it won't solve the problem entirely.Great for music and calls but annoying for anything else.Sorry Sony!", {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Listen to music on the go with these Sony wireless headphones. Their Bluetooth connectivity lets you stream music and take calls from compatible devices, and the built-in battery provide', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Sony - XB70BT Extra Bass Wireless In-Ear Headphones Audio quality is very good and it is not the best one. If you like heavy Bass, you won't be disappointed with these headphones. Setup is very easy and able to pair with phone very quickly using bluetooth. The call quality is not great with these headphones. The neck band is not good and it does not fit securely on your neck while doing exercise. If you are going to use it for listening music, it will work without any issues. I have listed some of the features below.Dynamic sound - EXTRA BASS sound brings extra low end punch to all your music.Wireless freedom - Bluetooth connectivity and a nine-hour battery life for all-day wireless listening.Big beats on tap - EXTRA BASS sound has enhanced low frequencies, so beats are powerful and punchy.Remote control - Convenient buttons let you control calls and music playback without touching your smartphone.Long battery life - The built-in battery gives you nine hours of wireless playback, so you can listen all day.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("All Sony audio products I have ever owned have been solid and these wireless headphones are no exception.Audio quality was very good, but not the best I have heard. You would have to pay more for the best audio quality. But at this price point (and these have already gone on sale for Black Friday week), you can't go wrong. Bass was very heavy, as advertised. You will definitely want to take that into account before purchasing these. If you like bass, you will like these headphonesWith ear buds I am always worried about stability. How easily will they fall out? After using these a few times, it took quite a bit of jostling for them to fall out. Moderate activity will not be a problem, but I do not recommend jogging in them. There are 4 varying sizes included in the package so you will surely find a size that works best for you.These headphones provide verbal prompts telling you when it is in pairing mode and when you are powering them on and off. I would have liked to have seen it provide battery life updates as well, like similar products do. Overall these are a good value and I would recommend them to anyone looking for basic use bluetooth headphones. Just don't plan to use them for athletic activities.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So far I've enjoyed every second of these Sony headphones. My main use for them is wearing at work and around the house. They are comfortable to wear, even for extended periods, the battery life is great, running over 9 hours on the first charge, and the sound is well above average, rivaling the best wired or other wireless earbuds I've had. Call quality is excellent, for both me and the person on the other end of the call. The floppy neck strap is far superior to stiff models, and feels like it will take a fair amount of punishment. The only issue I've run into, which is not much of an issue, is the volume controls on the headphones and the volume controls on my android phone are independent of each other. So when I first turned them on and turned up the volume from my phone, the volume on the headphones was still very quiet. Once I figured out that the headphone volume controls operate independently of the phone controls, I was able to crank the volume up. Now I just leave the headphones turned all the way up and control the volume with my phone.Overall I would highly recommend these great Sony headphones.", {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've owned several Sony headphones over the years from wired buds to wireless on ear to wireless over ear and enjoyed them all. They always performed well at a reasonable price. These live up to my expectations with a few minor drawbacks. The neckband style is a little awkward for me but I will probably get used to it. Also the wires are a little long and can sometimes get in the way. Probably not good for running or using at the gym, get the sport headphones for that. Otherwise, good sound and lots of bass. Sony products I have owned have been high quality and reliable and these seem to be as well.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Sony Xb70bt is a comfortable setup. The part that goes around your neck is flexible and fits well as do the earbuds. I use it for low impact workouts and running and have no issues with it staying connected to my phone and iPod nano', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First, I have to say that I was skeptical of the 'extra bass' claim for these in-ear headphones. After taking these headphones for a 'test drive' as it may be, I can tell you that you will find yourself wondering why your body isn't vibrating due to the extremely low and high quality bass sounds. I have a very high end home theater system from Best Buy's Magnolia store that will rattle paintings off the wall and these headphones produce the same sound, except in your ear--that's pretty hard to do. I have Bose over the ear headphones and they are only slightly better as far as clarity, but the Sony XB70BT blow right past the Bose for lower sounds. I don't want anyone to get the wrong impression that you'll lose your hearing after using these, that's not the case at all. They produce high definition bass at normal listening volume as well as cranked up. That's exactly what you want. Now for the critical part of my review. I find the design to be awkward. The rubber neck strap that keeps the headphones hanging on (but detached from your phone) doesn't feel natural to use to either raise or lower the volume. They are still new to me so I'm sure I'll get used to it, but I also found it hard to tell which buttons I was pushing. In addition, the wires that extend from the rubber band and control unit are a little too long. They sometimes got caught in my coat or even in a stray arm movement. Now, they have to be long enough to fit everyone, but I would've appreciated a way to adjust the wires to fit your individual needs. I think this is one way the over the hear wireless headphones may be superior in that everything is on your head and there are no wires to mess with. All of that being said, I'm glad to have these headphones. They were easy to travel with and I'm sure when I'm not taking a winter coat on and off in the airport it will be fine. Also, they were very easy to wad up and stuff in my laptop bag when not in use. The build felt solid enough that I wasn't worried about anything being crushed or broken. In fact, they got tangled and crammed pretty good and still look brand new so I'd say they'll hold up to those who are hard on their toys like I am.", {'entities': [(600, 604, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not bad headphones. Quality is there, the controls for Sony Bluetooth headphones are always weird but the headphones themselves aren't bad. I wouldn't recommend for gym headphones but going on walks, etc, yes", {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Sony product has a lot of bass which is something that I like and they fit well in my ears when I work out', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('ProsJust as comfortable as a necklace with flexible band around neckMultiple earpiecesEarpieces stay in place well without discomfortGood battery lifeSimple voice announcements for status Universal Micro USB charging portStays in place well using cord claspMids tones are very goodNFC charging is extremely easyConsBass tones are too strongHighs tones are too weakControl buttons are poorly differentiated using touchClasp to hold around your neck could be easier to useFor years, I have stuck with traditional headphones because the wireless headphones I have seen have either had rigid parts that hang around your neck or the overall music quality just didnt justify the change. I just dealt with the cords getting tangled and regularly snagged on clothing as I moved around. About twice a year I would have to get a new set as they would usually get destroyed by those shortcomings.I finally decided to take the plunge and go wireless with the Sony XB70BT headphones and couldnt be happier. I have quickly forgotten how often my cord would get snagged or tangled and I just enjoy using them. They have a soft, flexible rubber band that goes around your neck and conforms much like a necklace except without the cold shock of metal. In fact, sometimes I have forgotten I was wearing them for a short period.If you want headphones for exercise but dont like the kind that use the extra piece to grab onto your earlobe to stay in place these might be for you. I wouldnt do gymnastics with them but they should work great for most regular exercises. To make sure they stay in place, there is a small slotted piece on the wire of one earbud that you push the other earbud wire in. This allows it to wrap around your neck and stay in place much like a tight necklace. It does a good job of staying in place but a slight redesign would be helpful as pushing a flexible wire into the tight slot can be a test in patience. Once in, it works well and keeps things secure. A small addition that would be helpful is if there was a way to store the earbuds when not in use but the headset was still around your neck. The buttons can be used without looking. It might take a little time to adjust as the tiny raised sections on each are a bit difficult to tell apart.The first time you pair the headset with your phone you will get to take advantage of an easily overlooked but extremely helpful feature. If your phone supports NFC, just tap the side of the headphones with the NFC logo. You phone will simply ask if you want to pair, you tap Yes, and you are done. No codes or any other work. Very simple. If you need to switch devices, just press and hold the power button until it says Bluetooth Pairing and tap the logo with your phone or NFC capable device you are done.Headphones that speak might sound a little strange but this one is done thoughtfully. When you turn them on, off, activate pairing, or certain other options the headphones will say in plain English what they are doing. If you are from England you would say it speaks in proper English I suppose. The voice is only used for operations where more information is helpful. Regular changes in volume and track skips are either a tone or just the action. Youll only here speech when something more than a tone is helpful. Overall, its a nice touch that just makes them feel a bit more refined.The big question is how do they sound. For speech, everyone I have spoken to has not even noticed that I am using a headset. The microphone seems to work just as well as the one built into my phone. When listening to music I wouldnt say these are top of the line but considering you can spend over $100 on corded headphones expectations must be kept in line. They sound is very good for most music. An equalizer would be great but phones dont general offer an equalizer for Bluetooth devices. Considering sound quality for music, each person of course has their own sound preferences but I would describe the sound as a slightly muddy but not unpleasant. With weak highs, the bass seems a bit too heavy. Midtones are excellent. Of course, this is all very subjective and this may suit you just perfectly. Keep in mind we are talking about compressed Bluetooth audio anyway. Dont expect to hear every nuance of your favorite classical music through this set. Hopefully my description will help you decide if the sound properties suit you.Overall I have been extremely happy with my foray into wireless headphones to the point I am not sure I will ever go back for regular use. I will probably always have a set of wired for at home when sitting still but for all other uses, the Sony XB70BT headphones do a respectable job for the money.', {'entities': [(947, 951, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sony speakers are just as good as any high end headphones on market being Bluetooth there is no wires works great and has a 10 hour battery life', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just to preface, I've never been a fan of earbuds. Primarily because they get uncomfortable for me pretty quickly.With that said, these are awesome. The remind me a lot of an older pair of Sennheiser PX-100 over the ear's I had. Those headphones were well known for their bass response. I do quite enjoy a strong bass delivery for when I'm listening to a variety of tracks and these fit the bill and then some.They are pretty darn comfortable. Prop's to Sony for providing 4 different sized ear pieces so that you get the best fit. I really like how the band comfortably drapes around your neck and just doesn't get in the way. I don't how feasible they would be for heavy exercising, jogging or running but I imagine if you tuck them under a collar you might be ok.Audio wise these things really are fantastic. They are a good alternative to bring with me out and about as an alternative to my QC35's. The bass response is incredible, they pack a lot of punch especially on bass heavy tracks. Something I've always been skeptical of with ear buds. I will say technology has come a very long ways in terms of ear buds being able to be viable over the ear replacements. Even though the Low End is really punchy, it doesn't detract a lot from the other ranges. These are pretty much aimed at those who enjoy a lot of low range in their music since that's where they are strongest. If you want something portable, and for around $100 or less with brand quality, I'd say very much look at this as they will fit the bill and then some.I can't speak too much on the battery life only cause I haven't run them out yet. Charged them the day I got them and have used them on and off for about 3 or so weeks now off a single charge, so ymmv.They don't come with a carrying case or anything sadly but they are easy enough to put away in a pocket or even just keep them hanging around your neck.Overall, I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for bass heavy response headphones. Sony really nailed it with these.", {'entities': [(454, 458, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sony quality is present in these headphones. Great sound, easy to setup and use!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have the other Sony wireless headphones with the extra bass and i love them both. It's affordable and it's got good quality.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Sony Bluetooth wireless earbuds sound amazing. I highly recommend them to everybody.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sony has always made quality products. The sound quality of these headphones hit well above their price point. The battery life exceeds the advertised charge life. If you are looking for everyday wireless headphones, you should certainly consider this product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These wireless headphones are great and just what I was looking for. I usually purchase Sony for my electronics and as usual was not disappointed!', {'entities': [(88, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sony has always excellent products and this is not the exception.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought these headphones for my son for Christmas. I was apprehensive because he is a tough customer to please. I checked out the reviews before buying but that didn't mean he would like them. I even checked with Best Buy about being able to return them, after he tried them out, if he didn't want them. But, to my relief, he loved them. He tried them out on different devices (such as his phone, computer, and a portable Game Boy). He was amazed at the control he had and the distance they would work. I had also purchased a set of Dr. Dre UrBeats from a different store. Those I ended up returning. These Sony headphones were the ONLY thing he liked.Thank you so much for helping me score a win with my son!", {'entities': [(608, 612, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A little bit hard for first time user at first tries to pair to an Asus smart phone, especially on Sony products - I've got a portable speaker (Model SRS-X3) which paired to my old cell phone and never could get paired to any other devices after that phone was broken. But then it's really a pleasure having such a good product. I enjoy listening to music hours after hours before it needs to recharge.", {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Extra bass, load and clear. reasonable price and the Sony quality. minor concern: the wires around the neck seem to shift side to side - again, minor', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All around solid though. Well above the LG-HBs1100 which are double the price. But I do intend to try the Sony ones for $50 more cause they might could hands down best ever', {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('these Sony bluetooth headphones are easy to use and offer a great deal bass tones to the music. excellent for use during a workout in the gym.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer my audio products to be Sony brand for a couple of decades. They have never let me down and this headset is no exception. Great range of sound, the extra bass is customisable and the earbuds fit great. The only slight I found is that the rubber neck "strap" is not rigid. It\'s super flexible and it feels odd. Not "aggh!! Return it!" bad, but it takes some getting used to. Running with it is fine since it doesn\'t slide off thanks to the texture of it. Bottom line: great buy for the price!', {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Listen to music on the go with these Sony wireless headphones is definitely a smart choice', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought both the Samsung 60-6033-05-XP which are their sounds cancelling headphones and these headphones to try to see which were better. After having my brother and myself listen to both pairs on the same sound over and over to compare them, we came up with this.Samsung has some interesting features when it comes to their headphones; such as their noise cancelling (both of us think it doesn't work to well), their design, comfortably, and button layout.Sony has better sound quality, sound balance, base, flexibility, microphone, batter life, and at the time, price.Now both headphones are wireless which is why i was looking at them and trying them. After having them both for more than 2 days of trials, we have decided that Sony is the winner all around. At least that is because it fit my lifestyle while working, traveling, and having that convenient water resistance.", {'entities': [(458, 462, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Dr. Dre's Beats 2 before buying these. Beats 2 by Dr. Dre is good to listen to speeches / lectures or phone calls but not for music. This Sony device much better in that respect. I love it", {'entities': [(146, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Sony HeadPhones fit so good I forget they are in my ears. Also they have GREAT sound. Easy to pair with my Sony Sound Bar. Well worth the money. Sony makes good stuff !!!', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These wireless Bluetooth earphones from Sony are the best earphones I have purchased in a very long time. The product is very durable and very comfortable when worn around the neck. The earpiece is also very comfortable as I keep them in my ear throughout the night. Sound reproduction is outstanding, as good as the Bose product at half the price. If you are looking into a reliable wireless earphone give these Sony's a shot.", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Best Bluetooth headset I have tried for sure. It's a Sony so it sounds great. Plenty of bass", {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Comfortable to wear, excellent sound and true Sony value.', {'entities': [(46, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Slight bias on my part that I prefer Sony audio products and actively seek them out. Have done so for years.With that in mind, this set of BT earbuds were actually better over other brands not for the audio quality, but for the neck band instead. I found the non-rigid, soft rubber neck band of the Sony earbuds more comfortable than the comparable Samsung/Bose/etc. models because it did not bounce around while running and it felt lighter than the rigid neck bands. When pairing my Xperia v3z phone to the earbuds, it was quick, simple, and painless. Now that I have a Google Pixel, the pairing was just as easy and the sound quality remained high. They charge quickly and have lasted 5+hours of continuous play.', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought these because the DAC on my phone is dying and causing wired headphones to have lots of static. I really liked Sony's wired EXTRA BASS heaphones, so I decided to try their bluetooth equivalent, and I have no regrets. The bass is strong for being earbuds, and doesn't detract from the rest of the audio. Pairing was super easy as these go into discovery mode on the first power-on so you just search for bluetooth on your device and they pop up right away. The flexible band is comfortable, and reversible. I find that I prefer having the buttons facing outward instead of inward. Probably not going to use the widget for clipping the wires together except for when I need to put these into a bag for travel. Sony, if you read this, please give some kudos to whoever designed the button diagram on the back of the packaging. One easily understood diagram covered everything except repairing with new devices, making the included booklet necessary only to those who need to pair with additional devices.", {'entities': [(118, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Sony wireless stereo headset. Really great sound quality. The sound is clear and good bass. Great ear fit. Easy to connect to bluetooth.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('ProsJust as comfortable as a necklace with flexible band around neckMultiple earpiecesEarpieces stay in place well without discomfortGood battery lifeSimple voice announcements for status Universal Micro USB charging portStays in place well using cord claspMids tones are very goodNFC charging is extremely easyConsBass tones are too strongHighs tones are too weakControl buttons are poorly differentiated using touchClasp to hold around your neck could be easier to useFor years, I have stuck with traditional headphones because the wireless headphones I have seen have either had rigid parts that hang around your neck or the overall music quality just didnt justify the change. I just dealt with the cords getting tangled and regularly snagged on clothing as I moved around. About twice a year I would have to get a new set as they would usually get destroyed by those shortcomings.I finally decided to take the plunge and go wireless with the Sony XB70BT headphones and couldnt be happier. I have quickly forgotten how often my cord would get snagged or tangled and I just enjoy using them. They have a soft, flexible rubber band that goes around your neck and conforms much like a necklace except without the cold shock of metal. In fact, sometimes I have forgotten I was wearing them for a short period.If you want headphones for exercise but dont like the kind that use the extra piece to grab onto your earlobe to stay in place these might be for you. I wouldnt do gymnastics with them but they should work great for most regular exercises. To make sure they stay in place, there is a small slotted piece on the wire of one earbud that you push the other earbud wire in. This allows it to wrap around your neck and stay in place much like a tight necklace. It does a good job of staying in place but a slight redesign would be helpful as pushing a flexible wire into the tight slot can be a test in patience. Once in, it works well and keeps things secure. A small addition that would be helpful is if there was a way to store the earbuds when not in use but the headset was still around your neck. The buttons can be used without looking. It might take a little time to adjust as the tiny raised sections on each are a bit difficult to tell apart.The first time you pair the headset with your phone you will get to take advantage of an easily overlooked but extremely helpful feature. If your phone supports NFC, just tap the side of the headphones with the NFC logo. You phone will simply ask if you want to pair, you tap Yes, and you are done. No codes or any other work. Very simple. If you need to switch devices, just press and hold the power button until it says Bluetooth Pairing and tap the logo with your phone or NFC capable device you are done.Headphones that speak might sound a little strange but this one is done thoughtfully. When you turn them on, off, activate pairing, or certain other options the headphones will say in plain English what they are doing. If you are from England you would say it speaks in proper English I suppose. The voice is only used for operations where more information is helpful. Regular changes in volume and track skips are either a tone or just the action. Youll only here speech when something more than a tone is helpful. Overall, its a nice touch that just makes them feel a bit more refined.The big question is how do they sound. For speech, everyone I have spoken to has not even noticed that I am using a headset. The microphone seems to work just as well as the one built into my phone. When listening to music I wouldnt say these are top of the line but considering you can spend over $100 on corded headphones expectations must be kept in line. They sound is very good for most music. An equalizer would be great but phones dont general offer an equalizer for Bluetooth devices. Considering sound quality for music, each person of course has their own sound preferences but I would describe the sound as a slightly muddy but not unpleasant. With weak highs, the bass seems a bit too heavy. Midtones are excellent. Of course, this is all very subjective and this may suit you just perfectly. Keep in mind we are talking about compressed Bluetooth audio anyway. Dont expect to hear every nuance of your favorite classical music through this set. Hopefully my description will help you decide if the sound properties suit you.Overall I have been extremely happy with my foray into wireless headphones to the point I am not sure I will ever go back for regular use. I will probably always have a set of wired for at home when sitting still but for all other uses, the Sony XB70BT headphones do a respectable job for the money.', {'entities': [(948, 952, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm 49 years old and the first time I tried these Flamin Hot Cheetos was in the Winter time. I had severe congestion and I got off work and bought me a bag with a small container of mild cheese sauce , sat in my car warming it up because it was 27 degrees and started eating the cheetos one after another and my nose started to run non-stop, my ear popped and my headache went away , thank god I had some tissue in the car because my nose unclogged like a bad sink would have. I finally drove home and felt 100 better. Till this day, I still eat them like the young kids do!", {'entities': [(61, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("C'mon, they are Crunchy Flamin' Hot Cheetos. They are awesome. If you like hot chips you will love these.", {'entities': [(36, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Cheetos, except too much of them will upset your stomach', {'entities': [(7, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great on the go snack. I'm not really that big into Cheetos, but I found them sort of enjoyable actually. I liked the heat intensity, I found it actually hot, generally when a product says hot it's a joke. But these had noticeable heat. Of course all heat is subjective and all you people who pride yourself on being able to eat the hottest of hot things will say these aren't hot at all! but let's be honest for a minute please. For a mass marketed food for the general population they are pretty hot. It's all about perspective. So with that in mind... you can maybe get some idea as to the intensity. I think of myself as a person who can tolerate hotter food than most people, but I'm not one of those insane people that seek out the really hot stuff like ghost peppers or whatever. I found the heat enjoyable, and after I finished a large portion of the bag I did take drink of water. This as the same hot taste intensity as any of the product lines that say flaming hot made by Frito Lay if that helps.", {'entities': [(62, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the crunch and the spice ! Everyone who loves spivey food , should buy a bag of Flamin Hot Cheetos.', {'entities': [(96, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are my favorite Cheetos and they go great with beer!', {'entities': [(22, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hot Cheetos are the kitties tittys. Dip them in some sour cream, dude. You won't regret it.", {'entities': [(4, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When did recipe for pancakes start requiring eggs I used to make pancakes with Flour mixture and milk. Loved those pancakes! Taste has changed since recipe needs eggs now. Plus, I do not like to eat eggs in any form. I won't be buying Bisquick again.", {'entities': [(235, 243, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Bisquick. It can be used for so many things and only have to buy one thing instead of a bunch of different ones. I keep it in the freezer and have never had any problems or broken boxes. It is a good buy.', {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Bisquick for years. When I don't feel like doing from scratch, this works great. It makes great dumplings on stews and chicken....yummy cobblers too!", {'entities': [(10, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bisquick is good to have on hand. It could be pancakes, bisquits, shortcakes or cheeseburger pie.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Bisquick! So much better than off brands!', {'entities': [(5, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the only thing I will buy to make pancakes. I have tried all of the others, and Bisquick is the best! Works great for waffles too.', {'entities': [(88, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love Bisquick. You get all the glory from your family for 'homemade biscuits' without all the 'extra' work. And, the cobbler recipe is wonderful. You can go to the internet and search bisquick this or that, and find all kinds of recipes. Cuts a lot of work out of many recipes.", {'entities': [(14, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bisquick is great to use to top quick casseroles', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is great -- a huge box of Bisquick ... I use it for hundreds of meals .. and have for years. Thanks!', {'entities': [(31, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Bisquick i use it for everything especially cakes it makes a delicate soft crumb everything bakes up sooo moist. I'm not a fan of cake mixes because i love to put my own flair on it make it my own Bisquick is perfect for that i just use it in place of flour, raising agents salt in cake recipes. I used it to make cakes for my church fair they went sooo fast i got rave reviews.", {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I hadn't used Bisquick in years but decided to order some shipped in my order of other items. I'm so glad I did. I've been using it for everything and it's great. Makes wonderful drop cheese/sausage biscuits. I happen to still have my little Bisquick cook book so I made brownies one day and they were wonderful also.", {'entities': [(14, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Bisquick for many years. Makes the best pancakes, waffles, biscuits and dumplings. Who could ask for more', {'entities': [(12, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Growing up I never liked pancakes, but some one gave me a great receipe where I needed to use Bisquick Mix. When I ordered it online, it came in a larger quanity for the same price as a smaller box in the store. Now every month I order myself a box, I have tried some of the receipes and they have been great.', {'entities': [(94, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Bisquick since I got married in 1953. I use it mostly for biscuits. I have used it for cinnamon rolls, dumplings, nut breads, just about every thing you can think of I have made it with Bisquick. I watched my mother use it when I was a kid at home.', {'entities': [(12, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Since I can remember my mom always use Bisquick so I always watched her in the kitchen making things with Bisquick. As I grew up I didn't think there would be any difference but there is a huge difference. Even when the budgets a little bit tight and I tend to gravitate towards lesser priced items there's no comparison even if you can save a few cents here and there Bisquick is the way to go!", {'entities': [(39, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Bisquick for biscuits, pancakes, waffles, muffins, dumplings, and more. I love this prosuct.', {'entities': [(6, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother raised us on Bisquick because my grandmother (her mom) used it all HER life! Biscuits, dumplings, cobbler crusts and breading fried chicken! I can't live without Bisquick in my pantry!", {'entities': [(23, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Bisquick, there so many recipes you can use it in and not just for pancakes or waffles.', {'entities': [(5, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Bisquick for pancakes biscuits and chicken and dumplings', {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love to make waffle's with Bisquick. I use it for biscuits and Chicken Pot Pie's. I use it for Pancake's. I use it for many things and we all love it around my house.", {'entities': [(29, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always use Bisquick , this is the best to bake with easily and foolproof. Have made many recipes with it. Great price here for it also', {'entities': [(11, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have psoriasis very bad for at least 10 years tried everything nothing work except Olivella Virgin body face soap bar, truly remarkable. You Must try it!!!!!!!', {'entities': [(85, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am extremely disappointed in this product. Make sure you test on small patch of your child's skin before using. I have used several other Aveeno products with no problem so bought for my child. Liberally applied following directions to my child's face. This product giving him a severe allergic reaction with his cheeks and nose puffed up, skin became inflamed red and eyes nearly swollen shut. Think allergy is to the sunscreen protection ingredients. So sad and just awful for my baby.", {'entities': [(140, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I literally have no idea why a product for babies and children would not be tearless. I have sworn by Aveeno products for years for both of my children's eczema. But within 20 minutes of application, and for hours after, both my 3 year old and 3 month old were screaming over this spf getting in there eyes. Frankly, I'm furious. I expected better from this brand. Trashing this ASAP.", {'entities': [(102, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use a lot of Aveeno products so did not think in the slightest I'd have to worry about their baby sunscreen being unsafe. We starting using this on our baby and noticed every time we were outside she got very watery eyes and we couldn't figure why. After a couple applications, we realized the eye watering only occured when we applied the sunscreen. Turns out it was stinging her skin so she was rubbing her face and then her eyes making them water! The eyes stopped watering when we changed brands. Do not recommend!", {'entities': [(15, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('How can a product made for babies can be so uncomfortable and harmful just after you apply it burns your skin!!!! Aveeno should review the ingredients on this product.', {'entities': [(114, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so disappointed in this product, when applied to my sons face he had immediate stinging, burning and irritation to face area. It bothered he so much that almost right away he rubbed it in his eye to make matters worse. If I was Aveeno I would immediately by removing your gentle as water from the label, because this product is anything but gentle.', {'entities': [(234, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Aveeno products for years, but I started to notice my eyes burn almost all day. At first I thought it was due to allergies, but I started noticing the burning sensation immediately after using the product, and have not been outside yet.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have very sensitive skin and figured Aveeno Baby would be the right choice for sunscreen. After two uses, both resulting in large red welted areas on my chest I realized it's the sunscreen. Fine on arms but on my chest it's a no go.", {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like the other reviewers we've also had terrible luck with this supposedly gentle (and expensive!) product. My girl breaks out in an awful rash every time I use it. I am still looking for a sunscreen that will work for her, but am disappointed because I thought obviously Aveeno would be the go-to for sensitive skinned babies : (", {'entities': [(272, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used this several times on my 7 month old, and every time he breaks out with a pimply rash (doesn't matter where I used it, ie back, neck, arms, legs and face have all broke out). I agree with a previous poster though I've used the Aveeno Eczema lotion without issue. Wouldn't recommend this sunscreen for babies with sensitive skin.", {'entities': [(237, 243, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My 11 month old son broke out in a terrible rash after applying this lotion. We use the Aveeno baby eczema lotion daily without issue. I don't know what is in this product that would have caused this reaction.", {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started to apply it on my little one and she rubbed her eyes, immediately they started tearing and she began crying. I also noticed that it started flaking off around her face and neck.Like the other guy said look like a bunch of lint. we went simming and after 40min dryed her off and reapplyed shortly after being back in the water the sun screen started dripping down her face and just running off her like water. I will never use this again. Not what I expected form Aveeno. I love there baby body wash and baby lotion they are usually very good. Don't put your baby through the tears.", {'entities': [(473, 479, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Aveeno products for years, but I started to notice my eyes burn almost all day. At first I thought it was due to allergies, but I started noticing the burning sensation immediately after using the product, and have not been outside yet.', {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like the other reviewers we've also had terrible luck with this supposedly gentle (and expensive!) product. My girl breaks out in an awful rash every time I use it. I am still looking for a sunscreen that will work for her, but am disappointed because I thought obviously Aveeno would be the go-to for sensitive skinned babies : (", {'entities': [(272, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used this several times on my 7 month old, and every time he breaks out with a pimply rash (doesn't matter where I used it, ie back, neck, arms, legs and face have all broke out). I agree with a previous poster though I've used the Aveeno Eczema lotion without issue.Wouldn't recommend this sunscreen for babies with sensitive skin.", {'entities': [(237, 243, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so disappointed in this product, when applied to my sons face he had immediate stinging, burning and irritation to face area. It bothered he so much that almost right away he rubbed it in his eye to make matters worse. If I was Aveeno I would immediately by removing your gentle as water from the label, because this product is anything but gentle.', {'entities': [(234, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have very sensitive skin and figured Aveeno Baby would be the right choice for sunscreen.After two uses, both resulting in large red welted areas on my chest I realized it's the sunscreen.Fine on arms but on my chest it's a no go.", {'entities': [(39, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My 11 month old son broke out in a terrible rash after applying this lotion. We use the Aveeno baby eczema lotion daily without issue. I don't know what is in this product that would have caused this reaction.", {'entities': [(88, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started to apply it on my little one and she rubbed her eyes, immediately they started tearing and she began crying. I also noticed that it started flaking off around her face and neck.Like the other guy said look like a bunch of lint. we went simming and after 40min dryed her off and reapplyed shortly after being back in the water the sun screen started dripping down her face and just running off her like water. I will never use this again. Not what I expected form Aveeno. I love there baby body wash and baby lotion they are usually very good. Don't put your baby through the tears.", {'entities': [(473, 479, 'PRODUCT')]})
('How can a product made for babies can be so uncomfortable and harmful just after you apply it burns your skin!!!! Aveeno should review the ingredients on this product.', {'entities': [(114, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I literally have no idea why a product for babies and children would not be tearless.I have sworn by Aveeno products for years for both of my children's eczema. But within 20 minutes of application, and for hours after, both my 3 year old and 3 month old were screaming over this spf getting in there eyes. Frankly, I'm pissed. I expected better from this brand.Trashing this ASAP.", {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We used this product last summer while on vacation for the beach. My daughter played in sand, and was in salty and chlorinated water all week. When her eczema flared up worse than ever we assumed it was the hot humid weather coupled with the sand and water that was irritating her skin. Even after our trip and continuing to limit sun exposure, her skins condition never fully healed until fall.This summer I used the same product and the first day I used it, she was broken out. Convinced it was the sunblock causing this problem I switched her to Babyganics and VIOLA! Her skin is baby soft and totally 100 eczema free!She still has flare ups when exposed to sand and chlorine water, but they are mild and we still use Aveenos other baby eczema products to help combat it.', {'entities': [(721, 727, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Label states mild as water which is untrue. After applying this sunscreen on my 11 month old he was crying, the area around his lips was red, and he had red bumps on his back. I immediately put him in the bath and washed this trash off of him.After visiting the Aveeno website I saw a 2 1/2 star rating for this product along with horror stories of this product causing severe reactions.I would not recommend this product and I plan on calling Aveeno.', {'entities': [(262, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought the Aveeno sunscreen for my toddler son since we use their baby soap and lotion and have been impressed with the products on his sensitive skin. However, the sunscreen is not like their other products! We used it on him everyday for two weeks at the beach. He would always fight us when we put it on and then scream when we gave him a shower. We thought he was just being difficult until I tried some on my face and got my face wet in the pool and it BURNS and stings! It was a firey sensation on both my face and my eyes. Even when we put it on him and let it sit for 30 min before getting wet, we could visibly see the sunscreen washing off, thus getting into the eyes. I have never seen a waterproof/resistant sunscreen coming off in the water like this. I haven't written a product review before mostly because nothing has been so bad that makes me want to spend the time to write a review but this is a must skip sunscreen! I'm looking for a new sunscreen for him now.", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I used this product on my child she broke out into hives everywhere it touched her skinand she was crying in pain. It was a very tense half hour where we had to work to wash off this waterproof product. After this happened my sister-in-law immediately asked what we had used and she said her daughter had experience the same reaction to this product from Aveeno. The claim that this is as gentle as water is a complete fabrication - we use so many Aveeno products in our home because of skin sensitivities and I was very let down by this product and upset I had relied on this company I trusted to tell us the truth that this was specifically formulated for babies. After this happened I compared the ingredients to my own sunscreen and found all of the active ingredients were the same as my own, adult, sunscreen from another company. We have since switched to the Honest Company 100 zinc oxide sunscreen.', {'entities': [(360, 366, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this product as I trusted Aveeno as a brand. But the sun cream has accidentally got into my babies eyes and she was sore for hours. And I also have just linked the sun cream to her ezcema and a rash all over her legs and her face. Won't be using this again. Sorry Aveeno! I love all your other products but not this one!", {'entities': [(35, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This sunscreen smells great and feels creamy, but caused a horrible rash on my son's back. Since it was Aveeno, I figured that he must be sensitive to pool water, or something else, but I read other reviews here, and discontinued it. As soon as I did, the rash cleared up. I would highly recommend mustela or baby organics sunscreen instead.", {'entities': [(104, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was going through baby sunscreens on the shelf, checking ingredients and discovered that Aveeno Baby sunscreen contained Ethylparaben and Methylparaben. I avoided purchasing this product all together. Aveeno Sun Natural Protection Baby SPF 50 Stick, 0.5 Ounce might be a better choice and is included in the Environmental Working Group's Best Sunscreen list. ...", {'entities': [(91, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This contains oxybenzone - what more do you need to know There are a lot of other sunscreens on the market that are safe, including other Aveeno products. There is no need to buy this one.', {'entities': [(138, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The lotion was not the quality that I have come to expect from Aveeno. Bought 2 bottles and in both the lotion was separated and no mater how much we would try to get it to mix, it wouldn't. During the time that we had it, it was never exposed to extreme temperatures. We went ahead and tried to use and it caused a rash on my daughter's face. We had ordered this about 1 month prior to needing to use it and by the time we realized the quality of the product, Amazon would not accept a return....", {'entities': [(63, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Aveeno's lotions, shampoos, and body washes for adults, and I trusted their brand name, so I gave this sunblock a try for my toddler. Before I put it on him, though, I tested it myself, and I am SO GLAD I did. I used it on my face, and people, it STINKS. It smells like you got a splash of gasoline on you at the gas station, and when it's rubbed into your face so that you can't get away from it -- ugh, nauseating! I understand that it is unscented, but the ingredients in it smell like gasoline to me. Even after testing it, though, I was still willing to consider MAYBE using it for my boy, because again, I trusted Aveeno, and I know that different lotions smell different to different people. But then, my husband used it before he mowed the lawn one day, and he came back to me, UNSOLICITED, and said, and I quote, That stuff smells terrible! It smells like gasoline! I couldn't believe it. I had never asked him what he thought, or mentioned to him that that's exactly the same impression I had had! So that settled it: I tossed the barely-used tube into the trash. Before you buy this product, try taking a whiff of it at your local grocery or drug store. If you can smell that gasoline smell at all, don't buy it, because the effect will be intensified once it's on your face (or your poor baby's face!).", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We purchased Aveeno Baby Sunblock thinking it would be good for our baby since we use their lotion and bath products. That being said--when we first put it on my son, he started blinking, rubbing his eyes and crying. His eyes started turning red and he was super fussy (not typical).We thought maybe he got some in his eyes (as in larger amounts) so we tried again and same thing happened--he hated it and his eyes turned red and he kept rubbing them.We will no longer be using this on my son--I will however, use it for myself since it doesn't seem to bother my skin (I'll use on my shoulders/arms).", {'entities': [(13, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I ordered this without looking at the ingredients (I know). And after I received it, even started using it. It has a really nice consistency and then discovered why. It has 3 kinds of parabens. Parabens have been linked to both breast cancer and endocrine disruption. While Aveeno might say the science is not all in - why take the risk I'd rather choose a product that doesn't have that potential danger. I found the Babyganics sunscreens Babyganics Cover Up Baby Sunscreen For Face and Body 50 SPF, 6-Ounce (Pack of 2) that you can also sign up for the subscription for without parabens. They are on the list of the cosmetic database/Skin deep's list of safe sunscreens. ...", {'entities': [(274, 280, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I generally really like Aveeno products but I was incredibly disappointed with this one. I bought it as a high SPF product to apply to my face this summer. I had no intention of using it on a baby, but after using this product I would be so upset if I had put it on my children. The product has a horrible smell, like burnt tires, and it stings/burns like crazy when applying. I am not just talking about getting it in the eye area. If you put it on your face, your skin feels like it is on fire! Will never purchase this one again. Maybe it is a bad batch, but be wary of this product!', {'entities': [(24, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Aveeno Baby sunscreen to use on my son who is prone to eczema. When I used this product occasionally at home, his skin did not seem to break out unusually. However after using this for a week straight at the beach, he had patches of eczema all over his arms and legs. The skin on his entire body felt dried out. While it provides an adequate sunscreen, I cannot recommend this product for everyday use due to the reaction my son had.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Aveeno Baby sunscreen to use on my son who is prone to eczema. When I used this product occasionally at home, his skin did not seem to break out unusually. However after using this for a week straight at the beach, he had patches of eczema all over his arms and legs. The skin on his entire body felt dried out. While it provides an adequate sunscreen, I cannot recommend this product for everyday use due to the reaction my son had.', {'entities': [(9, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I generally LOVE Aveeno products but this one falls short. Babies and toddlers are active, and they rub their eyes, and they cry. This sunscreen, if it gets into their eyes, will have you feeling like the worst parent in the world. My baby girl looked like she was in so much pain when she rubbed her face after I applied sunscreen. She looked so bad that it actually caused an argument with my husband on how I was so terrible at sunscreen application (how could I not be more careful to not get it in her eyes!).', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Yuck! Very hard to spread and rub in. We used the Aveeno Face (for adults) and it rubbed in beautifully--this one, not so much. Will not buy again or recommend to anyone.', {'entities': [(50, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love the baby Aveeno eczema lotion and I wanted to love the sunscreen as well. While the sunscreen did provide protection from the sun, as it should, the application is a bit thick and I'm not sure about others, but our lotion had a bit of a smell to it. It was not a pleasant smell, but it did eventually go away within 20 minutes of application. I should also note that the sunscreen did not affect my daughter's sensitive skin/eczema which is great because a different sunscreen we tried made her eczema worse, this one did not and that's why we will continue to buy even though the initial smell at application is less than pleasant.", {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use this sunscreen on my daughter. I love Aveeno products so it gets an A+ from me. When it comes to my daughter I only use the best on her and since Aveeno is so trusted I have no worries there. Its not greasy, easy to blend it. Perfect.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There's nothing more fragile than your baby's skin. Help protect your little one from the harmful rays of the sun with a broad spectrum baby sunscreen lotion from Aveeno Baby. My family loves the continuous protection of this SPF lotion.", {'entities': [(163, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There's nothing more fragile than your baby's skin. Help protect your little one from the harmful rays of the sun with a broad spectrum baby sunscreen lotion from Aveeno Baby. My family loves the continuous protection of this SPF lotion.", {'entities': [(163, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use this sunscreen on my daughter. I love Aveeno products so it gets an A+ from me.When it comes to my daughter I only use the best on her and since Aveeno is so trusted I have no worries there.Its not greasy, easy to blend it. Perfect.', {'entities': [(49, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Recently purchased the Aveeno Baby Sunblock, and so far so good. The application of it was fine, as it is not thick and globby like most products of it's kind.Also, the odor is generic, which I prefer, specifically for an a child, since I do not care for overly scented, high in alcohol content products for my child.Her skin was not greasy, and most importantly, she did not seem uncomfortable.", {'entities': [(23, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Aveeno products are usually reliable and trusted and we have been using it on our baby for vacations at the beach... It's pretty good!", {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this sunscreen on myself under makeup and could not be more pleased with the generous SPF and results. I have acne-prone, occasionally oily, sensitive skin that hates hates hates products with added fragrance. I LOVE that this sunscreen is gentle, fragrance-free, thick, smooth, and spreads easily and beautifully all over my skin as both a moisturizing base and sun protectant. It is not greasy or sticky in my opinion, but leaves a wonderfully hydrating, supple feel to my face and a nice matte finish to boot. My previous sunscreen was fine for the body, but not so great for the face--with the typically added fragrance most sunscreens contain--under my makeup. The old sunscreen burned on application and often left me with new blemishes by the end of the day when I finally removed my makeup. Before the Aveeno, I had very little hope of finding something fragrance-free that could work so well for face and body. I highly recommend this sunscreen to adults (I cannot recommend for babies and children however due to my lack of experience in that department) who are looking for the same solution to otherwise problematic sunscreens with added fragrance that more times than not presents discomfort and problematic inflammation to delicate skin.', {'entities': [(816, 822, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm honestly really surprised to see that there aren't better ratings! When my daughter was itty-bitty, we first tried another baby brand of sunscreen on her. As a toddler, we noticed that she had hives/rash on her face and other areas where the sunscreen had been. (on a couple of occasions) We finally determined that sh was reacting to something in the other sunscreen. A friend told us about Aveeno, so next time we tried the Aveeno baby sunscreen. No issues at all, no rash or hives - and it stayed on just fine (during swimming/play). We mostly use Aveeno lotion on her skin, (sometimes we use others). But there's definitely something in other sunscreens that irritates her skin. When my son came along - we only used Aveeno baby sunscreen on him and he never had issues. This past Memorial Day, we were using the Aveeno Baby sunscreen when we visited a friends lake house. After we got out of the water (day 2), I grabbed another spray sunscreen to quickly reapply on both my kids... Later that night (and next day) I noticed they both broke out again in a rash. I should've known better :( Anytime I've used this on my kids - they do great, they rarely get tan lines which tells me it's working, and just to be safe, I'll reapply some if they've been dried off, or been in the water a long time. I would def recommend this and don't plan on switching to something new", {'entities': [(396, 402, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the first sunscreen I am able to use on my arms and not itch! It has been a lifesaver for me. I am an older adult and have been using this for a few years now. Thanks Aveeno!', {'entities': [(175, 181, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the first sunscreen I am able to use on my arms and not itch! It has been a lifesaver for me. I am an older adult and have been using this for a few years now.Thanks Aveeno!', {'entities': [(174, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I\'m honestly really surprised to see that there aren\'t better ratings!? When my daughter was itty-bitty, we first tried another baby brand of sunscreen on her. As a toddler, we noticed that she had hives/rash on her face and other areas where the sunscreen had been. (on a couple of occasions)We finally determined that sh was reacting to something in the other sunscreen. A friend told us about Aveeno, so next time we tried the Aveeno baby sunscreen. No issues at all, no rash or hives - and it stayed on just fine (during swimming/play).We mostly use Aveeno lotion on her skin, (sometimes we use others). But there\'s definitely something in other sunscreens that irritates her skin. When my son came along - we only used Aveeno baby sunscreen on him and he never had issues.This past Memorial Day, we were using the Aveeno Baby sunscreen when we visited a friends lake house. After we got out of the water (day 2), I grabbed another spray sunscreen to quickly reapply on both my kids... Later that night (and next day) I noticed they both broke out again in a rash.I should\'ve known better :(Anytime I\'ve used this on my kids - they do great, they rarely get "tan lines" which tells me it\'s working, and just to be safe, I\'ll reapply some if they\'ve been dried off, or been in the water a long time.I would def recommend this and don\'t plan on switching to something new', {'entities': [(396, 402, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Aveeno baby sunblock is a superior product!', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am an adult, but burn like a baby. Most products make my skin break out or give me rashes. Regular Aveeno has been good to me in the past, but still a little sensitive on my face. This left me fully protected and without the greasy coating or breakouts. Love it. 5 stars. Will buy again.', {'entities': [(101, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Aveeno Baby Sunscreen Lotion prevented my child from becoming burned by the sun! We use this every time our child comes near the sun for prolonged periods of time and have had no issues!This product works so well that it might also be useful for vampires who want to experience the joys of the sun again without being turned into a ruined husk of a creature! I am not a vampire myself, so please consult with your physician before attempting any day walking.', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have tried a few sunscreens and I like Aveeno products and this was a win for us. It doesn't have a strong smell and it doesn't bother my daughter's eyes as much as another sunscreen did", {'entities': [(42, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this Aveeno Baby sunblock for my grandson. I love the fact that it is a sunblock with a SPF of 55. I feel confident that my grandson can be out in the sunshine and play, getting some fresh air, all while being protected from the sun. Plus, it smells great!', {'entities': [(17, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received this in time for beach vacation. I always get sun poisoning and did some research on how to prevent it. Aveeno Baby was on the top of the list for protection for both UVA UVB sun rays. Most only protect from UVA. 2 weeks later, lots of sunshine no poison. I am sold!', {'entities': [(113, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Aveeno products and this is no different. Its a good sun block that I use on my 19 month old...and sometimes on myself..:). Its light and waterproof and gives protection for 50 whole mins..Aveeno Baby Sunscreen Lotion, SPF 55, 4 Ounce', {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Always love Aveeno products! Can't go wrong and I always find it cheaper here", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will always love Aveeno products. This is my first Aveeno Baby product and I have to say that I was surprised that the Baby products were just as good. I was expecting this lotion to be thick and strong scented like other sun protectants for babies, but this one was pleasant smelling and absorbed very quickly into baby's skin. The 4 ounces lasted the duration of summer and gave compactness that us mothers desperately look for.", {'entities': [(19, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this sunblock, it doesn't feel greasy and works really well. Even though it is for babies, I use it on myself because I have sensitive skin and some sunblocks sting my eyes if I get near them. Oh, and I do use it on the baby too, I trust the Aveeno brand.", {'entities': [(249, 255, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love Aveeno products and are completely satisfied with thr sunscreen product. I like that there wasn't a harsh smell.", {'entities': [(8, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So glad I got this. Aveeno is one of my favorite brands and they didn't disappoint with the baby sunscreen. It has a very mild smell, but it is the normal sunscreen smell. I'd buy this again.", {'entities': [(20, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This sunblock is great for all four of us! My husband and I use it some, and our 3-yr-old daughter wears it daily in the summer. And... although it's generally suggested to avoid putting sunblock on babies less than 6 months, this worked beautifully for our 5-mo-old son! Although we mostly kept him out of the sun, we didn't want to risk sun burn. He did NOT break out in any kind of rash with Aveeno Baby! Try a small area first, in case your baby doesn't react as well - but for us, it's the PERFECT sunblock.", {'entities': [(395, 401, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Aveeno products and thought I'd try this based on reviews. I will definitely go back to the fragrance free and Souffle.", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this product for about 2 months and is perfect. After a busy day at work this product makes me relax and enjoy my me time. Its gentle perfume lasts very long and my skin gets hydrated and so soft. Please Aveeno do not make any changes to this product, it really rocks.", {'entities': [(220, 226, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This winter my skin was at it's worst with dryness, my usual for very dry skin products didn't seem to do anything. Aveeno Stress Relief Moisturizing lotion softened and moisturized my skin almost immediately when I applied it. The light scent is a plus too! I will be due at the end of February and have already started to stock up on Aveeno baby products.", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have very sensitive and Aveeno products are very effective when dealing with sensitive as well as normal skin too. Do not hesitate to use this product and the baby products are wonderful for babies and shhh I tend to use them as well since they smell so good. :)', {'entities': [(26, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this lotion every day. It's the best I've tried. It's non-greasy, super hydrating, and it lasts. But even better, I love the scent. I wish Aveeno would bottle the fragrance. I'm sensitive to a lot of fragrances, and hardly every wear perfume for that reason, but this subtle scent is heavenly. I wish it lasted longer.", {'entities': [(145, 151, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Aveeno products! I'm pregnantthis lotion keeps me calm all day long. I apply and feel the stress melting away. I can't wait to use the Aveeno baby set for my unborn son when he gets here this spring. I've switched products long ago and it was definitely the right choice!", {'entities': [(7, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It sounds like mumbo jumbo that this lotion would 'calm' you but I can tell you from experience that it works. This leaves your skin feeling moist and hydrated throughout the entire day! Every time I buy a product from Aveeno I just become for and more obssessed with the brand.", {'entities': [(219, 225, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Aveeno stress relief lotion for years, it is the only lotion in the market that is truely an all day moisturizer. I have tried other products, but they make my skin feel dry. I will never use any other product, I'm sold for life!", {'entities': [(18, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My coworker happened to have this lotion at her desk and the first time I tried it I was in love with the smell and the way it feels on my skin, I always thought Aveeno products were a bit pricey for my budget but it is worth spending the money.', {'entities': [(162, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have very sensitive skin. Allergic to most body lotions. Tried this one because I use the face moisturizers in this brand and I'm not allergic to them. I was excited that there are so many options in the Aveeno brand. This particular one smells great and really does last 24 hours. The next day my skin still feels moisturized. I use their over night intensive itch relief for my dry feet but I could use this just as well. Very silky and relaxing. Good amount for the money at Walmart. Other places charge 10.00. I keep it in the fridge now that the hot days are here and ...aaaahhhhhhh!!", {'entities': [(206, 212, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I agree w/the previous review, the more products that i use, the more obsessed I become w/Aveeno! This lotion is awesome. My son has a skin condition, he doesn't produce any natural oils. So, the daily lotion regimin is our life :) I have used MANY MANY products, even some VERY expensive prescription ones (rediculous, the cost, FOR LOTION, and the TINIEST tubes! that I need to use on my sons entire body)! RIGHT. anyway, I tried Aveeno and always went back to it, i'll never buy anything else. My sons skin literally feels soft, he's 7 yrs old now and loves not having aligator/snake skin anymore (most days, winter is worse for him, of course). I buy the Stress one b/c it DOES really work and I do it before bed so I think its nice for him... for sleep...and for me, since I apply to him :)", {'entities': [(90, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love lavender! I get compliments on how nice I smell. People have inquired, what is that it smells heavenly, it's Aveeno. I've been using Aveeno for years. I started out with the daily moisturizing lotion with sunscreen, well still use it every day. I found it to be far superior as a facial moisturizer than all the other moisturizers I've purchased. I put it on at night and by morning, my face looked years younger. My hands tend to get dry and crack in the low humidity of fall and winter, not anymore thanks to Aveeno, and my hands are so soft. Now I've added the stress relief to my daily routine. Love it love it...Love it!! I will never use any product other than Aveeno, simply the best.", {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wrote because I read Jay's review (Redland). He wrote that he loves the smell. Couldn't agree more. A lot of men don't know it but lavender is used in most men's fragrances because men love the smell. I love the flower and I love anything with its scent. Plus the feel and effectiveness of Aveeno moisturizing is worth the money. It goes on without being oily and it works.", {'entities': [(292, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have sensitive skin, and in the winter my skin gets really dry and itchy. I've used Aveeno for years, but only the fragrance-free lotions. I decided to give the Stress Relief one a try (mainly because of the awesome scents it has) and I put it on right after a bath last night. I'm in love with it already! I love the way it smells, the scent of it is alluring and overpowering, and as time passes the scent starts to fade away, but it's essence is still there! Also, my entire body feels smooth, soft, hydrated, and not itchy at all. I don't know for sure if the stress-relieving properties take place, but I do know that I don't feel stressed at all I guess I'll find out. I love this lotion!", {'entities': [(86, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have very dry skin, and working in a restaurant requires washing my hands several times an hour, all day long. I went to buy a new lotion when the backs of my hands were actually BLEEDING, and this is what I came home with. I will never buy another kind. In just 2 days my hands went from cracked and bleeding all over to silky smooth. And the smell is FANTASTIC. So soothing, I just can't get over it. I sometimes use more than I need to just to smell it. And as a final point, I never write online reviews. NEVER. The excellence of this product compelled me to start. Thank you Aveeno for solving all of my skin problems and more!", {'entities': [(582, 588, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had my 5th child 2 years ago,a bottle of Aveeno Stress Relief was given to me as a present.Perhaps because of the name,Stress Relief,I used this daily.This is absolutely the best lotion I had ever used.I had no real time to myself but I used this after every shower and at bedtime.It made my skin so smooth and the lavender and chamomile was so relaxing.I feel like I'm doing something nice for myself.Also the product itself seemed to last forever,I didn't have to put on tons of it,which saves me time and money.I still use it and love it.", {'entities': [(43, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this lotion is so wonderful. i hate the scent of lavender, but this lotion does not have that strong lavender scent. it is an awesome blend. it goes on nicely and absorbs well. no residue or film on your skin feels naturally soft. it is calming and relaxing. i really appreciate this product. i can't find a larger bottle though like other Aveeno lotions. Aveeno is the ONLY lotion i have used for the past 5 years. i don't even notice other brands. good quality stuff.", {'entities': [(340, 346, 'PRODUCT')]})
("love this product. i have really sensitive and dry skin so I've tried every product possible. Aveeno worked the best for me, it moisturizes and soothes my skin. I started with the original lotion buti love the scent of this lotion, its not to strong, and is very calming after a shower after I've completed a 12 hour shift.", {'entities': [(94, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this product for a few years now. I tried to switch over to a different moisturizing product and broke out all over my legs after shaving. It was terrible. I love to use this product after showering and I feel that it leaves my skin soft long after I apply it. The lotion goes on thick so I make sure to work it into my skin. I highly recommend this, especially since I tried to switch products and it wasn't a very good idea. Thanks Aveeno!", {'entities': [(450, 456, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product I've been using it for years and I refuse to waste my money and time of buying any other lotions. Aveeno keeps my skin smooth soft and healthy unlike all the other water down lotions with perfume that doesn't give my skin the nutrients it needs. I will recommend Aveeno to anyone. It's great for those who have dry skin,eczema, and those who have sensitive skin.", {'entities': [(118, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Smells wonderful. Makes your skin feel like silk. But I still prefer the new all natural, wish the price didn't go up it really helped with my eczema. Going to have to look in stores for the original Aveeno body wash I was using. But I'll keep using this until I find the other This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(200, 206, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have polycythaemia which causes a lot of itching. Benadryl cream and hydrocortisone has not been able to stop it. Aveeno Anti Itch stopped it within seconds. A friend gave me a bottle of this lotion and I had tried everywhere in town to find it. I am now going to order several bottles of this on line.', {'entities': [(116, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am 33 weeks pregnant and presently at a point where I keep on scratching my my whole body. My skin is super itchy and nothing seems to work for me, after trying so many other products I finally found relief in Aveeno anti itch lotion....', {'entities': [(212, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Aveeno is a wonderful produce that helps relieve your itchy skin...', {'entities': [(0, 6, 'PRODUCT')]})
("when I had an reaction to itchy skin due to dryness I was recommended to try Aveeno anti itch lotion and to my suprize it worked like Magic. my dry itchy skin was moisterized and itch free. I'm very well satisfied.", {'entities': [(77, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had shingles on forehead, eye and scalp. After rash went away, I developed post-herpetic pain, but more intense was the deep itching. I am 3 months past the shingles rash, but the doctors say the itching can last months and sometimes forever. I have tried a lot of products, but this concentrated formula with a topical pain relief helps both the pain and itching I experience. It is a deep, deep itch and with my skin still being numb, I have to be very careful not to scratch. It is really strange having both numbness with pain and itching. Anyway, This Aveeno Anti-Itch Concentrated formula gives sweet relief. I make sure not to get any in my eye, but smooth it on my eye area, forehead and on my scalp. The worst itching I have ever had and I am very grateful to find this product for post-herpetic itching from shingles rash. Thanks Aveeno!', {'entities': [(559, 565, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The concentrated anti itch lotion is a miracle for my daughter. She suffers from repeated allergic outbreaks due to her own anti bodies attacking themselves creating a severe, all over allergic reaction to the histamines her body produces. NOTHING worked to give her relief. Prescriptions, steroids, everything I could find brought no relief. We have had to endure watching our baby miserable on 4 separate occasions in this past year, each episode lasts 5-10 days. Swelling, hives, severe itching, pain burning:head to toe. We used Aveeno oatmeal baths to soothe her, sometimes 3 a day. Last time I saw this lotion as I was getting the oatmeal, I thought why not Tried everything else. I applied it all over her body, I became very concerned it was going to burn her hives where she scratched (due to smell of the lotion), it didn't. She said it felt good on her ithies. 30 minutes later i could tell the hives were looking better. I was still a bit skeptical. She woke up the next morning (after a great nights rest, 1st in days) came running to me, spinning around said Look mommy. It's almost all gone! Your magic lotion made me better! I was AMAZED. Needless to say:Aveeno concentrated anti itch lotion stays in stock at our house ( also, it goes a very long way. Coated her entire body 3-4 times now still on the same bottle). Thank you Aveeno!!! !", {'entities': [(533, 539, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 12 yr old daughter had a terrible allergic reaction to something and she was miserable. My husband had started a new job so we still had 2 weeks before our insurance kicked in. We ordered this lotion because none of our local stores carried this product. It helped tremendously! My daughter used it a couple times a day along with Benedryl(oral), and showered with Aveeno skin relief shower gel. We would definitely buy this again!', {'entities': [(368, 374, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started microwaving my own popcorn, because of health, I wanted to get away from the intense chemicals that are in pre-packaged popcorn bags. The recipe I use is pretty easy, doesn't take much thought, I want the popcorn to be the same. That is, to pop, via the microwave. As you can see in the picture, this is what didn't pop (out of 3 Table spoons). It, like anything, is an average. Sometimes more pops, sometimes less. I didn't want it to start burning, so stop the process it once the popping slows down (as anyone does who is making good popcorn). You can eat it right away, or doctor it up with butter, olive oil such. The popped kernels are large, does make a very nice single bag of popcorn. Overall, I am very happy with Jolly Time popcorn. It even has a fresh corn smell to it when it's done.", {'entities': [(734, 744, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Jolly Time Popcorn. It pops well almost all kernels are popped. Delicious.', {'entities': [(7, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son LOVES this. If you haven't given Spam a chance, it's really pretty good. I fry the slice with a little bit of butter, put mayo on one slice of bread and mustard on the other. Top it with a slice of cheese and you have a pretty fun sandwich for kids or a quick camping meal.", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't had this since I was kid. It is still tastes great. Love that it is in a single pouch. I recently tried the dried Spam. Not to bad, but definitely prefer the Spam Single Classic.", {'entities': [(124, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is an amazing product..it is very hydrating & keeps my 4A hair moisturized for 3 days or more..thanks Cantu!!', {'entities': [(107, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love that Target offers an array of products for natural hair. Cantu isn't as expensive as the others but this works just as well or better. Tried some of those other expensive products i.e Miss Jessies, Carol's Daughter but this by far is the best. This is definitely one of my staple products especially for the summer.", {'entities': [(65, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What have you done to Vicks I have used this product for many years and it is not the same nor does it work as well. The vapor feeling is gone and it does not clear my head like it did in the past.', {'entities': [(22, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband picked this up for me when I was sick and didn't realize it was lemon scented. It was effective but the smell was very strong and left me feeling like I needed to go clean something rather than relaxed. The smell of Vicks is a bit nostalgic and brings comfort. The lemon scent is not relaxing at all. If they want to try new scents, maybe lavender would be better", {'entities': [(227, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've read a response from Vicks to another reviewer that stated there have not been any changes to the formula in recent times. However, there have obviously been changes since I used it years ago. I did not find it near as soothing nor as strong, so did not find the rub effective. It's also expensive for what it is, so I returned it to the store where I purchased it.", {'entities': [(26, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently cleaned out med cabinet and replaced the expired Vicks Vaporub. Huge disappointment. It's like plain Vasoline with a hint of menthol. As the mother of 2 and Gma of 3 we will be trying other products. Sad and miss the Vick's I grew up with.", {'entities': [(60, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have no idea whether Vicks Vapo-Rub has any truly medicinal properties. wouldn't even try to get through any upper-respiratory tract ailment without it. My mother and grandmothers used it liberally on me when I was a little Kid, so now that powerful scent is irrevocably linked to feelings of being safe, warm, loved, cared-for, and getting better. And that's half the battle, right there.", {'entities': [(23, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It seems that Vicks is less potent than it used to be. The 'vapor' portion is not as strong and disappears quicker. Guess I'll use it for now until I find a product comparative to how it used to be. When something works, it shouldn't be changed.", {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you Vicks VapoRub. My entire household uses this product during those sick nights in bed This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After trying several other products for my sinus issues, a friend suggested I give Vicks a try. So, I decided to break out my old jar of Vapo-Rub. Applied it to my throat, chest, and the bottom of my feet as suggested... Wow ! -- I could tell it was working right away. After a few days, the sinus issues were history. --- Pretty good for a 20 year old jar of Vicks. (Exp date: 00)', {'entities': [(83, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found my baby Vicks from years ago (when my firstborn was an infant) to use with my 2 1/2 month old. He had a bad cold so I applied it to his chest, neck, and feet. Immediately I could tell he was sleeping a lot quieter and peaceably.', {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Vicks since I was a child for colds, congestion. I developed allergies, which leads to sinus congestion, ear face pressure. I put Vicks under my nostrils. In 1/2 hour, my sinuses drain, immediate relief. I put Vicks in boiling water breathe vapors for bronchitis. I hope Vicks is on the market for many years to come. Best remedy there is.', {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Vicks Vapor Rub is great to help with the stuffiness and congestion associated with colds. I'm always stuffed up and just a sniff helps my poor nose get relief. I rub it on my chest at night to loosen the congestion in my chest. I rather do this than take pills that have side effects.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Vicks my whole life since my mother used it on me as a child. I would like to suggest also that you make a stick or something that can be rubbed on without getting the hands all greasy. I still use it with plastic gloves but the other way would be so much easier.', {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I saw you guys had a lemon scented Vicks vaporub now and I wanted to go ahead and suggest a lavender scented Vicks vaporub. I think it would be very soothing and successful amongst consumers. I'm a huge fan of Vicks products, btw!", {'entities': [(35, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find so many uses for Vicks, dron flu, to fungus and headache. Great!', {'entities': [(24, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Vicks works wonders', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You can always trust Vicks Vapor Rub. It helps you breath so much better when you have a head cold. Myself, I like the smell and feel of it's cooling menthol.", {'entities': [(21, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Vicks is a good productVicks is a good productVicks is a good product', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Vicks VapoRub is wonderful! Whenever I feel a cold or any type of respiratory issue coming on, I just rub this stuff on my chest and under my nose and I swear it shortens whatever is trying to get started in my body. It breaks up congestion like nothing I've ever seen. I love this stuff! I always have some in my home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love love love vicks. When my son was little and even now we use this when he is sick. My husband was sick not to long ago and he used it as well. Vicks works wonders. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(147, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Vicks VapooRub for years, it has helped me sleep on many occasions, I now use it on my children and grandchildren, makes it easier to breath, and easier to sleep. the menthol opens up the clogged nasel passages, and sooothes the throat This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nothing soothes better than Vicks. Definitely always have on hand. Couldn't get through a cold without it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Vicks VapoRub is something my family keeps around year round for a variety of uses,and Vicks VapoRub helps keep my family healthy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Vicks VapoRub has been around as long as I am old, even longer, and I've always used it to rub on my chest when I get a cold or bronchitis or used it in my room vaporizer. A couple of years ago I read where Vicks VapoRub can heal fungus on toenails. Because I am bothered with one toenail with fungus but because I take a wide array of prescription meds which aren't compatible with any kind of anti fungal medication, I began applying Vicks to that toenail daily. Slowly but surely it is healing! It is truly remarkable.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was covered in Vicks when I had colds as a kid and the stuff still works when I get colds. I always keep the Vicks on hand.', {'entities': [(17, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this stuff, and I always have. It relieves congestion, aids in breathing, and psychologically makes you feel better. And ,there are about two dozen other uses for Vicks. (Look 'em up!). I won't EVER run out of this product.", {'entities': [(170, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Vicks on my moms feet for neuropathy and also helps dry skin.Vicks and two pairs of cotton socks keeps us happy.', {'entities': [(6, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My 11 month old has been fussy for two days with a cold and cough. He hasn't been sleeping, I rubbed some baby Vicks on his chest he quit coughing and fell asleep. It's a life saver for this sleep deprived momma.", {'entities': [(111, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nobody likes a sleepless night! A stuffy nose can wake you up which can be a double threat. If you can't sleep it weakens your immunities. Next thing you know, you have a cold, a headache, or you're exhausted the next day. Dab a small amount of Vicks on your upper lip under your nose and you will likely feel an immediate clearing of your stuffy nose. Vicks does dry and lose its vaporizing effect. So you could be wakened again by the same problem. Then, just grab your trusty Vicks and dab it again. As often as you need it all night long.", {'entities': [(245, 250, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only is Vicks a brand I trust for me and my entire family, it really works!! We're very loyal when it comes to being sick and Vicks VapoRub is our solution all the time! It delivers not only a nice scent, but in the process it helps you sleep, get through the day, or just cough less by applying it to the chest area. We use it at the first sign of a cold and it helps us kick it faster because we're sleeping at night and not coughing all night long. Bonus, put it on your feet too (old wives tale) to help suppress cough it sounds weird but we did that growing up too and it really does I swear work too! Always make sure you have it stocked! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this for my two girls and they LOVE the smell. It also detangles their hair nicely. The only thing I was disappointed about was the small size of the bottle. I didn't realize that it would be smaller than most of the Shea Moisture bath/skin products and I find it pretty expensive. That said, I love its natural ingredients and will probably purchase again.", {'entities': [(223, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tightly coiled/curly hair and love this product as a leave-in since it has no silicons. I\'m a pretty big fan of Shea Moistures products in general because they offer quality ingredients at a reasonable price point. I tried this product because it was on sale at Target, and while I don\'t encourage impulsive spending, this was worth it! I\'ve used the curl and style milk from the hibiscus line (pink label), but prefer this over it because it doesn\'t leave my hair as "greasy" but still moisturizers it. And the smell is sooooo nice :). If I need more moisture then I\'ll just opt for my ol faithful deep treatment masque (Amber/yellow label). Worth the buy.', {'entities': [(119, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Love These Products! How to use this Mask too clear your skin Use the African Black Soap, then the African Black Soap Problem Skin Facial Wash Scrub, than put on the African Black Soap Problem Skin Facial Mask.. You have to use this brand for every step. You can use a different product for a toner only. Shea Moisture now carries a toner-African Black Soap Problem Skin Toner. When you use a new product such as this mask it PULLS the oil up out the PORES.. So you will have a few break outs as it is cleaning your pores out.. Be patient and drink alot of water, no sugar, no sodas, no dairy, take your vitamins...', {'entities': [(307, 320, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i have never written a review in my life.. mostly because I've never been blown away with a product enough to take the time to write one. With that being said, I had never struggled with acne until college and I have been struggling with adult onset acne for the past 4-5 years. I tried dermatologists, Curology, over the counter meds, basically everything. I decided to give this a try as well as the African black soap toner and bar of soap after doing research on it for weeks. This was a game changer. The flare ups started to settle and the bumps on my face seemed like they immediately shrunk. I am in my third month using these products and I am getting my confidence back a little more every week. I would 100 recommend these products. Actually, any Shea Moisture products I would recommend.. their hair/body products are just as amazing! Thank you for offering such incredible products.. you guys are literally changing the lives of people!", {'entities': [(758, 771, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used numerous Shea Moisture hair and skin care products so when I saw the eczema line I thought I'd try it. The consistency was too gritty and I didn't feel it helped much to continue using it after a few weeks.", {'entities': [(16, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I discovered my son had eczema the first bath he received on the day of his birth at the hospital. The skin on his back and chest immediately reacted to the horrible Johnson Johnson body wash they were using. I was already a Shea moisture and Nubian Heritage fanatic, so when I saw the bumps on his skin I applied my lotion to calm his irritated skin. When my husband and brought little man home, we began to search for baby eczema products, not realizing we were already supporting a company that supported the very product we were seeking, LOL!!! It took about 4 weeks of research (we were using Burt's Bees Baby Wash Baby Lotion during that time-it wasn't working) and we finally discovered Raw Shea Butter Chamomile Argan Oil Baby Eczema Therapy by Shea Moisture. Our handsome son has never had an eczema outbreak since we began using this product and we don't plan on buying anything else. We bathe him with Shea Moistures Raw Shea Chamomile Argan Oil Baby Wash. All the other body washes we have tried by SM (trying to explore different fragrances) actually DID irritate his sensitive skin, so we immediately threw those out and went back to the Raw Shea... Argan.", {'entities': [(753, 766, 'PRODUCT')]})
("See my review on the Barielle Nail Building Cream. Combined with this product, I've been able to grow my own nails for maybe the first time in my life, and I've given up the bi-weekly trips to get acrylic. I'm VERY happy with it - I put a new coat on several times a week and my manicure lasts and my nails don't break. I highly recommend it.", {'entities': [(21, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was first introduced to this treatment in a manicure gift I received about a year ago. At that time, I had been experiencing peeling nails and could not seem to get the peeling to stop no matter what I tried. Within a week of starting this treatment, I noticed there was no new peeling. Once the already peeling portions of my nails grew out, I remained peel-free until the bottle ran out. It wasn't until the peeling returned a few weeks after using a different base coat that I realized how wonderful and helpful the Barielle had been for me all along!In addition to offering superior nail rebuilding, my polish would stay on, chip free, for DAYS (something I was never able to achieve with any other regular base coat). Even if I'm able to permanently stop my peeling issue, I will continue to use this as my base coat for as long as it is available.", {'entities': [(521, 529, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought Barielle Nail Rebuilding Protein Intensive Nail Renewal Oil in mid-April, 2016.Before using these products my nails peeled, chipped and broke easily (even with layers of high end nail products).After following the Barielle Nail Rebuilding Protein instructions for the 1st 2 weeks I used used it as a base coat under my normal polish.Supplementing it with the Intensive Nail Renewal Oil twice a day.As of mid-May my nails are stronger, no longer chip nor peeled. I was amazed.With my own base coat, after a few days of normal household chores the polish would peel and chip.With Barielle Nail Rebuilding Protein as a base coat, it lasts almost 2 weeks with just a little touch up.My nails look so nice with just Barielle Nail Rebuilding Protein I often don't bother with colored polish. See photo.I highly recommend both products.", {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The glider came incomplete as the armrest cushion had no buttons to snap it onto the glider. Our baby was due any day and when I contacted Storkcraft, the customer service rep was very difficult to understand and was not very helpful. He said that the only thing that he could do was to send the armrest cushion to us within 20 business days. 20 business days is A MONTH! We have bought 3 Storkcraft products and had problems with 2 of the 3. My advice is find a different company to buy from.', {'entities': [(139, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Avoid this product. Very poorly built. Bearing that connect the chair to the base give out in less than a year. Contacted Storkcraft and they said it would be 80 to get a new base because they don't sell the bearings separately even though its a known issue. Don't waste your money.", {'entities': [(122, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this glider to use for when our new baby arrives. Major disappointment when the pre-assembled part of the chair was missing a whole side of screws that are supposed to attach the seat to the gliding base, making the chair worthless and unstable. After SEVERAL attempts to contact Storkcraft to simply have them send us the correct size screws I finally got a hold of a very rude customer service agent who told me they could not send the screws since this portion was pre-assembled and that I should return it to the store!! This has been a lot of hassle and headache for poorly constructed product that now Im supposed to find a way to haul back to the store. What a waste.', {'entities': [(292, 302, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ok, I've waited over a year to write this review. I purchased this chair 12/2009 and have been using it since then about 5-8 times a day. This chair is a decent wood and a decent fabric. The cushions are pretty comfortable actually. The chair is SUPER easy to put together. If you're mechanically inclined you can do it yourself. Others may need assistance from a second person. Fairly easy to wipe down the fabric (covers are not removable). I have fallen asleep in it with my daughter in my arms prior to the squeaking issue starting, so it is really a fairly comfortable chair. What I didn't like: 6-12 weeks after I purchased this chair I started to have a lot of squeaking coming from the bottom bearings of the gliding portion of the chair. This might not be a huge deal for some people, but it's very loud. Especially, loud when you're trying to nurse a sleepy baby back to sleep and it keeps waking them up. I tried to adjust all of the bolts, tried WD-40, didn't fix the issue. I finally contacted customer service at Storkcraft after about 7 months of owning it. They did agree to send me a replacement base for the chair since it was still within the 12 month warranty period. Oh, and I am of normal height and weight, so being over a weight limit is not an issue. Upon receipt I removed the old base, attached the new base exactly as the instructions stated. Again, about 8 weeks after receiving this base I had the same problem. I let it go for about 12 weeks and contacted Storkcraft again just to let them know I was having issues again (even though I was now out of the warranty period). They said that they would as a courtesy send me another base, but any future bases would be at a charge to me. Which of course makes sense. I told them I wasn't expecting another base, just trying to inform them that the problem was not resolved and that maybe there's an issue with the production of the item. I have received the third base (second replacement) and have not installed it yet. I would like to say that this would be a good chair if it didn't have this obnoxious squeaking issue. However, to me that makes the chair almost not usable. It squeaks every single time I rock in it. So I really wouldn't recommend this chair because of the issues I had with it. I did think that everything else about it was fairly nice and definitely worth the price. But that's why I gave it a (2) star rating. Because I wasn't completely dissatisfied(1), but I wasn't neutral on it (3), nor was I happy(4) or ecstatic(5) about it. I read all of the reviews before I bought it and thought it was a good choice, so I thought I'd give my feedback for you to look over as well. Good luck in your decision!", {'entities': [(1027, 1037, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this item 04/22/2013 and assembled it a couple days later. And after checking the parts list I noticed that (1) x 1 bolt part 1, (1) spring washer part 3 and (1) barrel nut part 4 was missing. I had a few parts from other furniture, including the barrel nut and a shorter bolt, but no spring washer. So I went ahead with the assembly. Not long after I emailed Storkcraft (their web address is on the instruction list). And I got a reply the next day asking for more information about the glider. But it wasn't long after that the replacement parts were on the way to my home. The package arrived yesterday, 5/8/2013. I was surprised to find that inside the package was a complete parts list, everything needed to assemble another glider rocker. Oh, and it doesn't squeek. But I'm certain that their customer service would help with that as well! Overall I am very satisfied with the service and responses from the staff at Storkcraft.", {'entities': [(372, 382, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this rocker after looking at several online. I was looking for something a little more upright to relax in while pregnant and then to nurse the baby. This rocker is very comfortable, it looks beautiful and matches the Storkcraft Aspen range perfectly. It is a very attractive chair. My only (small) complaint and why I gave it 4 out of 5 is that the microsuede fabric looks dirty very quickly and any fluff or hair sticks straight to it - I would not recommend for someone with pets. It is not possible to remove the fabric covers and wash them - just a spot wash. But that is a minor complaint and I have used it every day since I bought it. It was quick and easy to assemble. I ordered it on 8/20/10 to be shipped to my home. It said it would be delivered between 8/26 and 8/31. It was actually delivered on 8/25. Can't wait to nurse my little one in it when she arrives.", {'entities': [(230, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this glider and have been happy with it so far. The cushions are a little stiffer than those at Babies R Us but nothing that would deter me from keeping the product. It was very easy to put together. When I opened the box and began putting it together, I realized one of the spindles was cracked. I called Storkcraft and they sent me a brand new base for free! The customer service was very good.', {'entities': [(318, 328, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Very comfortable and easy to rock in, even with your feet up! So easy to put together, came quickly at Walmart with ship to store, matches other Storkcraft Cherry furniture nicely. The only thing that is a little disappointing is that the seat isnt as deep as i would want, and I am 5'9, but I still enjoy sitting in it and rocking. It is very comfortable! I use a pillow right now being 8 months pregnant for more comfort, which helps a lot.", {'entities': [(145, 155, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ordering the Storkcraft Tuscany Baby Glider with the ottoman was a great experience throughout. We had it shipped site-to-store and it arrived within 1 week. Easy assembly, pieces marked well and directions easy to understand. Very lightweight in the box but it is sturdy and easily moved for cleaning purposes. And best of all the expectant parents are very pleased with their new rocker for the baby:)', {'entities': [(13, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We had Walmart assemble it since we took advantage of site to store. So all we had to do was place it in our nursery. Its very comfy, sturdy and nice looking. It goes perfectly with the Storkcraft crib, dresser and changing table we got. Can't wait to use it to rock or nurse my baby girl, who will be here in a lil over 3 mths. :)", {'entities': [(186, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I cannot wait to use this glider once my baby is born. I am 36 weeks and love rocking in it, it's very soothing, relaxing, and comfortable. I recommend purchasing this in advance so you can give it time to air out. It had a strong new smell for a while but after a few weeks it's fine. The espresso color is perfect with the other pieces in the Storkcraft Aspen collection. I highly recommend!!", {'entities': [(345, 355, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After searching and reading various reviews on gliders, I stumbled upon this Storkcraft product on Walmart's website. I thought it was a great deal at only 190, but I waited about a week to purchase it and there was a roll back on it to 140...what a deal! This glider feels just as good to sit/glide in as the 300 ones at other stores. It was easy to assemble for me at 38 wks pregnant and it shipped super fast using the site to store process. I would definately recommend this product. I can't wait for our baby boy to get here so we can glide in it together!", {'entities': [(77, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love our Glider and ottoman! We bought it to go along with the two Storkcraft Tuscany cribs that we purchased for our twins and it matches perfectly! It's beautiful and sooo affordable.", {'entities': [(70, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
("*Edited to add that the pictures of the ingredients label were not on the page when I bought this product.*This is by no means solid coca butter. It has *some* cocoa butter in it but it's a ways down the ingredients list. It is more mineral oil, petroleum. and paraffin which are the first three ingredients. It is very solid, like a candle. In fact, I dumped the tub over accidentally and the whole thing fell out of the tub in one solid piece. I picked it up and put it back in. It looks like a candle, yellow and nearly opaque. It is very greasy and very, very hard. You can't dip your finger into the tub and scoop some out. You have to sort of scrape the sides to get some of the waxy stuff out of there.On my skin, it is greasy. It has a great scent though I must say. I guess it's cocoa buttery. The fragrance is artificial. I bought this cream for my hands as they are really dry in the winter but this is way too greasy for use anytime but at night with gloves on. It does remove makeup on my face decently although it is certainly not my preferred method. It's not bad on my lips but has a strange taste. I am desperately trying to find a use for this stuff. I think that the description should be much clearer because this simply is NOT cocoa butter at all. It is misleading to label it that way. I have been using this Queen Helene .. stuff on my hands at night and also have used it to remove makeup, on my lips, and also around my eyes for a jolt of hydration but really, I don't know quite what to do with it. It is not what I expected and so hard and greasy. At least it was cheap!", {'entities': [(1331, 1343, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Cocoa Butter but this is the first time I'm trying the solid and I really didn't like it as much. I prefer the crme. It just didn't work for me but that don't necessary mean that it wont work for you. The scent of the solid is a lot stronger than the crme and I prefer a mild scent. I would recommend it to people that like a stronger scent. I find the Queen Helene nicer than other brands that I have tried.", {'entities': [(360, 372, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For a quick and healthy snack, Chobani Strawberry Yogurt is an excellent choice to have stocked regularly in your household. It tastes great, and is so good for you! Sometimes I indulge on it just to settle my stomache! It's natural ingredients are what sets it apart from other yogurt products. But did you know you can also use this little treasure in your holiday bake goods", {'entities': [(31, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Chobani, in my opinion, makes the absolute best Greek yogurt. The texture is perfect, and the flavours are fantastic. I would definitely recommend.', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Comes in exactly the same size box as the regular Mitchum Clinical but when you open it, the container is about half the size of the normal one. This is no deal it all. Better to go to the store and buy it. (If you can find it available I rarely can)', {'entities': [(50, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried many products - this is the only unscented one that works for me. It does not leave a stale odor like some unscented do. As you can see, it's not cheap but it's worth it. Caution: This is a soft solid and mine oozed a fair amount of product during plane travel. The Mitchum Smart Solid Clinical doesn't work quite as well but it travels better (and it's a little cheaper.)", {'entities': [(277, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I first began to use there appeared to be purple food coloring in the product, which actually turned my face purple. I shook the container and discarded what was in the reservior and the purple dye went away. Product itself works...just never had an Obagi product turn my face purple.', {'entities': [(255, 260, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a beautiful color from Milani. The way the packaging is designed is awful though. I dropped mine and the blush broke to pieces. Since this blush is raised up like a mountain, there is no where for the broken blush pieces to go except to fall out all over the place. I really love the color, but the fact that half the product fell out is dissapointing. The color is shimmery and goes on light. I like their brand, but the packaging needs to be fixed.', {'entities': [(31, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a person who collects a lot of makeup, ranging from high end to drugstore, I have to say... this is one of my favorite blushes ever! The packaging is beautiful, elegant, and well... amazing! The blush product isn't flat, but rounded. So instead of smashing your brush against the edges to get the last few bits of your makeup, you won't be doing that to Milani's! I own some Milani products, and I love every single one of them! (I love them some much that I own all of them except Fantastico Mauve.) They're priced at a decent rate, has an appearance of a high end product, and the quality is effortlessly beautiful. I've read some reviews saying that it was too glittery, but I highly doubt it, unless you're only brushing at the glitter part. The blush is incredibly gorgeous and the glitter in the blush is to add a highlight to your face and isn't at all obnoxious nor fake. It looks natural, in fact. ACTUALLY NATURAL. The only downside to this product is the availability. I have about 5 WalMarts in my vicinity, but only ONE has a Milani section available. (But I'm more than happy to drive those extra 5 miles for this product.) Would I recommend this Of course, because I already have to all of my friends! This is THE perfect blush! Go buy it!", {'entities': [(357, 363, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have this Milani Color Statement Lipstick in Plumose, Nude Creme, Pretty natural, Blushing Beauty, and Red Label. I love them ALL, and if I ever need a new shade of lipstick, this is the brand and formula I'll be starting with. As a bonus, they smell like watermelon candy!! ADORE.", {'entities': [(12, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I dropped a piece of greasy food on my pants, and immediately treated it with OxiClean Laundry spray Stain Remover (believing it to be color safe). I let it sit 10 minutes and then washed in cold. The pants have a completely bleached stain where I sprayed the OxiClean (just under the right pocked on the front of the pants). I'm so disappointed :(", {'entities': [(78, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used OxiClean on my KUHL D'LUX 90 pants and it looks like it stained/bleached that area. Pants are a 98 Cotton, 2 Spandex blend. Nothing special about the fabric.", {'entities': [(7, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this product to use on a pencil size grease stain I got on my shirt, I immediately took off the shirt and proceded to spray the spont (the size of a pencil erraser), and when it was done (out of the dryer), the grease stain was still there. The only way to get rid of any kind of stain is to spray it and also put on the powder OxiClean on top of the stain as that is the only way you'll get the stains out!", {'entities': [(337, 345, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These were one of my favorite pants and I accidently spilt some hot chocolate on them. I asked my mother what on what product she'd recommend in regards to getting the stain out. She said OxiClean should do the trick. Well... It just ruined my pants permanetly and the stain is still quite visible. First time using Oxiclean products and very disappointed.", {'entities': [(188, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Within the OxiClean line of products, this is the least effective. I usually use OxiClean MAX Force with total success all the time. Last time at the store I bought both OxiClean MAX as usual, and OxiClean Laundry to try it because it was half the cost. In the first week of use (about 11 loads of laundry) LAUNDRY removed NO stain completely the first time, often on the second washing, and a couple times not at all. I switched back to MAX and all stains were removed without a trace. Our Labor Day picnic gave me the chance to compare the same stains (strawberries, and mustard) on more than one piece of clothing (kids!) in the same wash. MAX on one, LAUNDRY one one, and both products on a couple of the same garments. Same results: LAUNDY removed part of all stains but no stain completely. MAX Force removed all stains completely.', {'entities': [(11, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Last night I panicked when my glass slipped and spilled red wine all over the bottom half of my brand new white cotton shirt! I quickly rinsed it thoroughly with cold water, then tried some white vinegar, which lifted the stain about half way. I soaked it overnight in water with vinegar, but it was only a little better in the morning. I rinsed again, generously sprayed OxiClean Stain Remover and let it sit at least 30 minutes. Better, but stain still very present. So I mixed about 1 cup OxiClean with a gallon of cold water and let it soak about 6 hours while gone for the day. When I got back---NO MORE STAIN! I really thought my shirt was ruined beyond repair--but Oxi Clean came to the rescue. Just took it from the wash and it looks as good as new. Thanks Oxi Clean!!!', {'entities': [(372, 380, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can always remove stains when I use OxiClean. I won't use anything else.", {'entities': [(38, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love OxiClean products! This is the best stain remover I have ever used!', {'entities': [(18, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have three teenage boys who are always making some kind of mess on their clothes. Usually I find the stains after a day or two in the hamper. Still I am always amazed at how well OxiClean Laundry Stain Remover Spray removes those dried on stains and the ones I catch right away. I actually don't mind laundry any more. Thank you for making a product that works as hard as a mom does.", {'entities': [(181, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
('had a silver dollar size black oily spot on our car seat, our seat is gray well this spot was right in the center of the seat totally visible to everyone. went and bought some OxiClean MAX FORCE and did exactly what it said, spray, rub in and let dry......gave it 12 hours to totally dry and when i checked the spot 100 gone. i was very skeptical about buying this but it is worth the money.........GREAT PRODUCT !', {'entities': [(176, 184, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother wanted a nonstick roaster oven and she liked Nesco products. This roaster did a good job and was for the most part truly nonstick and easy to clean--much easier than the nonstick version. My only disappointment was that the product is advertised with a see-through glass top, and we received it with a black top that you cannot see through. The description needs to be adjusted to state that the top is not glass.', {'entities': [(55, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got a 6-quart Nesco Roaster as an office Christmas gift in 2000. Since I already had two other slow cookers I thought this would be redundant. Twelve years and many meals later, I'm still delighted with it. It's not only a great nonstick slow cooker, it's also an adjunct oven with a real thermostat, and it doesn't heat up the kitchen. Highly recommended.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I made a Seafood Gumbo over the weekend with the Nesco 6-Quart Non-Stick Roaster Oven, Stainless Steel and came in 1st Place... I was scared to try to make a Roux with it, so I just started out with the butter but I think I could have during the cooking process... Thermostatic control was definitely a Plus... Excellent in the Simmering for not over cooking the Seafood... Definitely a Dandy Cooker for cooking small amounts like a Cook-Off... I Highly Reccomend it...', {'entities': [(49, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We had to replace our original Nesco, after over 40 years of use, because the insert was just starting to flake off. Walmart had the best pricing on a new identical unit, and with the free shipping, it was the best deal out there.', {'entities': [(31, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had my steel gray Classic Stapler for more years than I can count. It was originally retrieved from a trash can, covered in purple mimeograph ink (told you it's been around a long time!). Once I cleaned it up and put in some Swingline staples, it worked like a champ, and has continued to do so. It takes a lickin' and keeps on staplin'.", {'entities': [(230, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this product to get a gel finish without having to get a second job to pay for one of those LED lights and special polishes. I am mostly impressed. The finish is very shiny and my nails are hard. I applied in the following manner, based on a tip I saw on Pinterest gel coat, color, gel coat, color, fast drying clear top coat (color and clear top coat were not Sally Hansen products). The gel coat does take a while to dry, but I applied the next coat while the gel was still tacky and once the top coat dried, I was good to go. No bubbles or chipping or breaking, the only thing I have noticed after a week of wear is that the color is starting to wear away at the tip of the nail but that's better than what I am used to with just polish and a clear top coat.", {'entities': [(370, 382, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After stopping by my local nail shop a few months ago and discovering it closed I took it as a sign that maybe I should wear my own nails. Well...of course after years of wearing tips my nails were soft and the nail beds a little tender. I knew Sally Hansen makes great nail products so figured they would be perfect. Well the Hard as Nails Hard as Wraps is fantastic!!!!! My nails are great and even though they were a little long before they have grown quite a bit and are hard and strong. I also use Sally's traditional hard as nails for extra strength. A word of caution, only use one coat of the hard as wraps, two coats makes it bubble up, but other than that the product is fantastic and I don't think I'll be going back to salon acrylic nails.", {'entities': [(245, 257, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love this product! I was having trouble with my nails peeling from the nail polish I had been using (not a Sally Hansen polish). This polish seals the peeling layers together so they can grow out and didn't dry out my nails. One thing about the picture shown here, the bottle I bought was clear with a silver top so it looks like they changed the packaging but didn't change the picture here. Don't let that stop you from trying this!", {'entities': [(107, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently purchased 2 insta dry products. They had to be constantly touched up. Even though I used top coat there were numerous chips each day. I have used Sally Hansen polish for years and love it. This product was a real disappointment.', {'entities': [(157, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a huge Sally Hansen fan, but this polish is the pits. On my fingers, it chips almost the instant is dries. It even chips on my toes which is amazing to me because my toe nails will usually grow-out before the polish wears off. I noticed, however, that this is not the case with some of my girlfriends. They can wear it and it lasts for a week with no chipping.", {'entities': [(11, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very disappointed in Sally Hansen when I used the Insta-Dri polishes. I thought maybe I had gotten a bad bottle or maybe even shade when I purchased High n' Dry but when I got Sandstorm my doubts were cleared that it was the Insta Dri line. The formula is goopy and feels likes it going to dry out soon, it is thick.The brush isn't very efficient, it is thick and the hairs don't help at all, they are not even, like they're not flat at the end some stick out which creates streaks. I love Sally Hansen, but not the Insta-Dri line.", {'entities': [(27, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I usually enjoy using Sally Hansen nail products and bought Insta Dri bright pink color and another blue. I applied this pink on my nails and when I tried to remove it, my skin got stained with red. I had red hands, fingers and nails. The dye is cheap and VERY HARD TO COME OFF. I won't be using the other color I purchased nor will I be buying any more products that are Insta Dri. They are a complete disappointment.", {'entities': [(22, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually like Sally Hansen nail polishes. This one, unfortunately has made me very unhappy. The wide brush makes a mess on my fingers (one stroke does not cover the whole nail and more than one stroke is messy). The tips wore down the next day even with a topcoat. Fixing the tips just made a mess again. A second coat just made it too thick and it started peeling off. Finally I took It all off with nail polish remover and my nails are all stained the colour of the polish, including the skin around my nails. It was a dark red so I look ridiculous!', {'entities': [(15, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the Fushia and thought i was in heaven because it dried so quick but like alot of other reviews its definitely chips and I had to keep touching up until I finally took it off and started again time will tell how long it will be until it chips if it does chip in a day I am bringing it back to the store and get my money back and buy something else. I will just have to be patient for my nail polish to dry with another product. Sorry Sally Hansen my first experience was not a good one so I am trying it again. Please fix the problem with the chipping and this would be the best product I have gotten for my nails.', {'entities': [(443, 455, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have the Sally Hansen Insta- Dry nail polish in Rapid Red and Mint Sprint. The colors are great but they seem a little dull without the top coat. I also do not like the difficulty in removing the polish. I had to purchase a 100% Pure Acetone Remover to get the polish completely off and use a lot of cotton balls. This polish is very very messy trying to remove it from your nail and gets on everything. It also chips very easily and requires constant touch ups. It would be very nice to have a product that dries instantly and does not crack when you due daily activities like washing your hair. To correct this problem I purchased your No Chip Acrylic Top Coat and tried it with the Insta-Dri polish but I still have the problem. I then tried the No Chip Top Coat by itself. Well it laster one day and one hair washing and my hair is very very short. I am very unhappy with the No Chip Top Coat that I purchased to keep my nail polish from chipping because after one day I removed it because over half of my nails were chipping very badly. My nails looked like I had polished them over weeks and the No chip top coat was a mess. I am very unsatisfied with the No Chip that made no difference at all. THEY CHIP WORSE THAN THE OTHER TOP COAT THAT I WAS USING THE MAXIMUM GROWTH TOP COAT. My pedicure seems to last a lot longer with out chips but they always have. The only problem is my finger nails that are longer but not too long just clear of my finger. Please try to come up with a better No Chip product and a Insta-Dri that comes off easier with less mess.', {'entities': [(11, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't have a lot of time to do my nails and wait for my polish to dry when I have tons of homework. But literally my nails were dry like in minutes and the nice thing is you don't need to use more coats because the polish is thick and so you only need one coat. Plus I love the variety of colors. Though it's nice to have a top coat because it just makes it look nicer and than it won't chip very fast. Overall I love this product by Sally Hansen.", {'entities': [(436, 448, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Sally Hansen products ever since I started using nail polish, and the Insta-Dri collection is by far one of my favourites. Every polish from this line that I have used so far has a great formula and application! The wide brush makes it easy to paint my entire nail in three easy strokes. The polishes are not streaky and are opaque with 2-3 coats (depending on the colour and thickness of the polish). I am extremely impressed with the quality of these polishes, especially for their value! Very pleased :)', {'entities': [(18, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE this nail polish! This line has great colors to choose from, and it goes on really thick. It dries so fast, that you can apply a second coat after about 1 minute. I like to apply Sally Hansen's Hard As Wrap top coat after to really get that Salon Look. I use this product if I need to look good for a meeting fast. It's great for last minute applications. I do not use this for long term applications, it is wonderful for that last minute event. You can apply it in the car and be ready by the time you arrive!", {'entities': [(186, 198, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I adore this nail polish it's fast apply and even faster dry time. Not to mention a wide variety of colors. The Cinna Snap is my absolute fav!! Gorgeous salon looking nails that always gets a compliment. I painted all my nails in Cinna Snap except the two ring fingers that I painted in Razzle Dazzler Gem Crush, the look has caught a lot of attention. Thanks again Sally Hansen for another wonderful product.", {'entities': [(366, 378, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Sally Hansen "Dries Instantly" polish. For years I have been unable to enjoy polished nails without smudges. Even when nails were professionally manicured. I tried everything including polishing my nails in stages. First day base coat. Second day polish. Third day top coat. Only to be disappointed by a smudge and looking at how much polish i\'ve wasted. Thank you for creating "Dries Instantly". Now I enjoy polishing my nails without fear of smudges.', {'entities': [(11, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this so I could hear if someone drove into my driveway. The concept is great. Unfortunately, the alarm sound it makes is extremely loud even on the lowest possible setting. Since this product is a to warn you if someone enters an area it is not made to alarm that person so why does such a sound have to be so loud. My kids even ask to turn it off because it is so loud. There is no option to change the sound either, so you just have this very loud alarm sound as if someone was breaking into your house. When in realty it scares no one but everyone in the house already anyone outside can't hear it so it really is poorly designed. For some reason you can listen to all different door bell rings, so I was hoping I could change the sound to one of those but that is only if you were to purchase the Swann doorbell that goes with this product. If it is used a doorbell the sound is great especially since you can change. Since I installed it, it has rained and stopped working. It says it can be installed outside and can get wet so I'm confused as to why it is not working. Not worth the money. I would research other brands due to the loud sound it makes.", {'entities': [(810, 815, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product for a friend of mine that was having scalp and flake problems.The products previously used for dandruff control had stopped working. Anotherfriend recommended this product and asked me to report on it's value.The feed back was positive ... American Crew Tea Tree Shampoo Conditionerdoes work...give it a try!", {'entities': [(265, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Olly endless Energy leaves a lot to be desired. I received it as a free sample and when I got them I liked the concept. The idea of chewing gummy vitamins when I needed a boost of energy was appealing. They are easier to take with me to work than coffee or an energy drink. But overall I have been disappointed with the product.I have used Olly Endless Enery when I need an added boost of energy, usually around 4pm in the afternoon and I felt no effect. There was no increase in my energy level or focus. Also, the vitamins have a strange odder, the ginger in them is overpowering when you take them and they have a bad after taste. I wouldnt recommend taking this product.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unfortunately, what everyone has been saying on here is true. The gummies don't taste horrible at first, but once you chew a little more, the ginger flavor becomes overpowering and nasty tasting. I would say I felt a little more energetic during my workout, but definitely not enough so that I would spend another 14 dollars for 10 servings-worth. You have to eat 3 gummies for a serving, which is absurd and expensive. The Olly woman's multivitamin is AMAZING, so I suggest getting that if you want to try one!", {'entities': [(424, 428, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of the Olly Energy gummies to review and overall I wasn't very thrilled with the product. The product does exactly what it says as far as giving you energy but the taste is awful. I have given this product a chance time and time again but I just can't get over the taste of it while chewing it and the bad aftertaste it leaves in my mouth. I don't think I will be recommending this to anyone if I do it will be with the disclaimer of the bad taste.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of the Olly Endless Energy Gummies in the Lemon Zinger Flavor. I dont do energy drinks because they are usually full of corn syrup and sugar, but these gummies are different. I like that the caffeine comes from green tea and will enjoy these during long shifts at work. They are easy to keep in my backpack and I dont have to worry about puncturing a can or spilling its contents. These gummies do fall a little short in terms of flavor. They leave a strange after taste.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given a bottle of Olly Energy to try. I was skeptical of the caffeine since I am not a regular coffee drinker, but was pleasantly surprised by the way I felt - more energized and focused but not jittery. I've started taking them before my workouts and definitely have more endurance. The gummies go down easily and the ginger adds a nice zest. I will keep this one in my regular rotation for sure.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given a bottle of Olly Energy to try. I was skeptical of the caffeine since I am not a regular coffee drinker, but was pleasantly surprised by the way I felt - more energized and focused but not jittery. I've started taking them before my workouts and definitely have more endurance. The gummies go down easily and the ginger adds a nice zest. I will keep this one in my regular rotation for sure.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a free sample of the Olly Endless Energy gummy vitamin for review and have enjoyed them very much. These are my first gummy energy vitamins. They have a tasty ginger coating over a lemon flavored gummy. Much easier to consume than traditional hard vitamins - no water/drink necessary - easy to chew. Very easy to take on the go or while getting ready in the or later in the day when my energy level drops Noticed an energy boost within 20-25min. Will definitely recommend to others.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always loved Cream of Wheat hot cereal. Since it is starting to get cold it was time to stock up...", {'entities': [(18, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I was a caretaker for my mom, she always wanted her Cream of Wheat every morning. I myself, preferred oatmeal, so...she got her Cream of Wheat and I got my oatmeal. She has now passed and I recently have been diagnosed with Stage 3 kidney failure, so I am now following a food list from my doctor of the foods I can eat and cannot eat. I am not suppose to eat a lot of oatmeal, so I have switched over to Cream of Wheat and was very surprised at how good it tastes. I eat it mostly as a snack around 8 at night, since that is usually when I get the thungrys. The cereal is much healthier than the few cookies or crackers I would usually eat. I really enjoy the good taste of this cereal!', {'entities': [(57, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cream of Wheat is one of my favorite cereals. Love it sprinkled with brown sugar and sometimes with raisins. Reminds me of long ago when everything was nice and calm ---the good old days .! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband I love Cream of Wheat. Great for breakfast! Its light and easy to prepare. I have a bowl at least 3 times a week. Overall a great value', {'entities': [(18, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family loves hot cereal and I use a lot of Farina and Cream of Wheat. I feel like I am doing something good for my family when we can start our day with something warm and filling in our stomachs, instead of cold sugared cereals that leave me hungry after an hr. The price is so much cheaper than in the store.', {'entities': [(57, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this stuff. It's awesome to have during a cold winter morning, but I can eat it all year long. They say that the servings are about the same as regular cereal, and they are right. What they don't say is what they consider a serving is much smaller than a serving of Cream of Wheat. Does it take a couple extra minutes to make Yeah. Does it require the person making it to know how to use a stove Yep. Do you need to know how to use measure cups Indeed. However, if you can manage to learn all that, you can also make yourself a nice warm bowl of Cream of Wheat. On a side note, I always use milk to prepare mine, and you need to watch it when you are making it. Milk can burn and that is a whole lot of not fun.", {'entities': [(273, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cream of Wheat is a wonderful way to start my day! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love eating Cream of Wheat! I love how you can mix fruit, or spices into a hot cereal. It makes a great start to my day.', {'entities': [(14, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a great product but i just bought it last week and its a dollar more already. Stridex needs to bring it back to the stores. Its too expensive on Amazon!!!', {'entities': [(86, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nice scrub, not too gritty, good acne control, can use morning night without drying out. Never was a Stridex fan before, but this product's a keeper.", {'entities': [(101, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE this scrub. The only problem is that I can't find it anywhere in the stores anymore. Thank goodness for Amazon. I hope that Stridex will be continuing making this product. It is not harsh on my face, yet dissolves dirt and oil while polishing away dead skin. The smell is fantastic and the added honey has natural antibacterial properties. Stridex...please bring this back to stores for 3.50. PLEASE!", {'entities': [(131, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Stridex Conditioning Acne Scrub may seem like a regular facial cleanser on the outside but it has super-fine exfoilating balls, skin-healthy vitamins and botanicals and an effective acne-fighter built in. The scrub provides deep cleansing and exfoilation for your skin that is gentle enough for daily use. It isn't rough enough that it will scratch or gouge your skin, which I mean who wants their face to look like a war zone Some of the ingrediants are:Acerola Cherry Extract - contains high level of natural vitamin C and antioxidants for healthy skin.Bergamot Citrus - a traditional treatment for acne and other skin conditions.Honey - known for its antiseptic and moisturization properties.2 salicylic acid which works as an acne buster and prevents pimples and blackheadsI wash my face twice a day but if I'm not careful I can do more damage than its worth. I have an oily forehead but a dry rest of my face, so I need something gentle but that works. Lately I have been breaking out, pretty much worse than when I was in high school! I used to use those exfoliating cleanses that have the little beads in them that really scrub your face. The problem with those though is they would irritate my face causing redness and I was afraid it was actually opening my pores to irritants. When I saw that Stridex came out with a Conditioning Acne Scrub I was intrigued. I used to use those Stridex pads to clean my face and honestly I don't know why I stopped using them.Now even though Stridex Conditioning Acne Scrub is an exfoliating cleanser, the beads are small and gentle it doesn't irritate my skin. I could feel them in there but it was more of a gentle gritty feeling. Really gentle but still scrubbing those dead cells off my face. The smell was also nice and refreshing. Usually Salicylic acid bothers me too but I it didn't with this cleanser. I really like this cleanser by Stridex and highly recommend it for anyone looking for a gentle yet effective acne scrub!I received this product to review in exchange for sharing my honest opinion.", {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the classic look of the fan, the size is good and the airflow quality is very good. I owned a Vornado heater for many years that has worked so well, so when I saw a Vornado fan, I didn't hesitate to purchase.", {'entities': [(101, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As with all Vornado products I own,this circulator is of the highest quality and works better than expected.', {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Loved the Nivea Original in the blue can. Tried this as alternative since Target no longer carries the Original online or in my local stores. It's a little runny out of the can, but better than the stuff that is in the Sensitive Formula (White can). Overall, if I cannot get the Original formula anywhere else, I will settle for Energy because I do still get a better shave from it than any of the other brands that I have used over the past 25 years.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have sensitive skin and this shaving gel is the best I've used. I like Nivea a lot better than Gillette. I used the Gillette Sensitive Skin cream and it irritated my face. I had to spend 6 on face moisturizer. I'll be a Nivea user for now on.", {'entities': [(73, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("WOW I tried it for the first time and I just love it. My wife brought it home much to my surprise. I love change and when it makes you feel and look younger. My skin is looking younger every day and people can't tell how old I am. This product has a nice color, nice smell, and is easy to clean up after the shave, smoother skin, softer skin, and more youthful look. Thanks for making my day and my advice to everyone is don't be afraid to change your habits and try the new products. Thanks Nivea!", {'entities': [(492, 497, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Simply stated, hands down the finest gel - emulsion ever, Nivea's best. Incredible smoothness takes shaving to the highest level. Nivea (Hamburg) have hit a grand slam out of the park and the ball is still in flight.........", {'entities': [(58, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("WOW I tried it for the first time and I just love it. My wife brought it home much to my surprise. I love change and when it makes you feel and look younger. My skin is looking younger every day and people can't tell how old I am. This product has a nice color, nice smell, and is easy to clean up after the shave, smoother skin, softer skin, and more youthful look. Thanks for making my day and my advice to everyone is don't be afraid to change your habits and try the new products. Thanks Nivea!", {'entities': [(492, 497, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Simply stated, hands down the finest gel - emulsion ever, Nivea's best. Incredible smoothness takes shaving to the highest level. Nivea (Hamburg) have hit a grand slam out of the park and the ball is still in flight.........", {'entities': [(58, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wanted to moisturize my elbows and feet. This product does moisturize but feels greasy on initial application. WORST thing is the odor...it is absolutely awful. I won't even categorize it as a fragrance. This will be the only bottle of Nivea that I try. Too bad...it had great promise to be something good.", {'entities': [(238, 243, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's a shame that this lotion has such a strong, flowery fragrance because it seems like it works very well. I bought this because I really need a deeply moisturizing lotion during the winter. I also live in an area with hard water, which is harsh on my skin all year round, but it seems worse in the winter because of the cold. At the store, the scent didn't seem too strong but once you actually pump it out of the bottle the smell really hits you - and it lingers for hours and hours when you put it on. If you're sensitive to strong fragrances, you should NOT buy this product. I got a migraine within half an hour of using it the first time, and I ended up taking a shower shortly after to wash it off because I couldn't stand the smell. Fragrance is listed in the ingredients so I expected some sort of scent, but with a scent this powerful you would expect it to be advertised on the label. I avoid flowery-scented lotions because they almost always give me migraines, and I could have avoided this lotion if Nivea had advertised this as a scented lotion. If it seems like I'm harping on the scent too much, it's because this would have been the perfect lotion without it. Even though I washed the lotion off after about an hour of wear, my skin still feels very moisturized two days later. I haven't used any other products because I haven't needed to - even after taking a shower, which is usually when I need a moisturizer the most. This lotion has a smooth, easily-spreadable texture that absorbs well. My hands felt a little greasy after I applied it, but the rest of my skin felt fine and didn't stick to my clothes or feel gross. If you need a super-moisturizing lotion for a reasonable price and strong perfumes don't bother you, you'll probably like this lotion a lot. Unfortunately the fragrance is just too strong for me to even consider using it again. Thankfully I was able to return this to the store I bought it from, and I purchased an unscented heavy duty lotion from another brand instead. If Nivea ever makes an unscented version of this lotion, I'd be happy to try it again.", {'entities': [(1016, 1021, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product feels good on my dry skin, but has a very strong fragrance that actually makes me nauseous. I wish I could find its equal with no fragrance. Nivea, is there a fragrance free option', {'entities': [(154, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved this lotion here in high desert Utah but the fragrance which is actually quite nice irritates my skin. So if you're like me and you have a bad habit of touching your face a lot don't use this. Find some other lotion that is fragrance free. Hopefully Nivea will eventually market a fragrance free version because the lotion feels very nice and rich.", {'entities': [(258, 263, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great product but the scent kills it. With a great number of people looking for unscented products today, let alone products made with with more natural ingredients, does Nivea insist on adding perfumes to what would be outstanding products At least provide unscented versions. I think you'll see a boost in sales. Hence my 3 star rating.", {'entities': [(171, 176, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Although somewhat pricey, this is the best hand cream I have found so far! The consistency is rich and thick, but does not feel disgusting on your hands. I don't usually write reviews, but found myself on this page because I was looking to see if Nivea makes a larger size. Which brings me to my only complaint: it appears that they only make the 1.7 ounce tube.This is small, like what you might throw in your bag to carry around during the day....a bit pricy & not very long lasting during the winter.", {'entities': [(247, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Although somewhat pricey, this is the best hand cream I have found so far! The consistency is rich and thick, but does not feel disgusting on your hands. I don't usually write reviews, but found myself on this page because I was looking to see if Nivea makes a larger size. Which brings me to my only complaint: it appears that they only make the 1.7 ounce tube.This is small, like what you might throw in your bag to carry around during the day....a bit pricy not very long lasting during the winter.", {'entities': [(247, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In these modern days, companies make a lot of claims, but not all work the same for all of us. But, this Nivea products definitely helped my extreme dry skin condition. I started noticing improvement within 2 days (as advertised).', {'entities': [(105, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I apply Nivea Extended Moisture to my hands after washing dishes and I am always amazed with the softness it creates almost instantly! I am thoroughly impressed with Nivea products!', {'entities': [(8, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Nivea, has been my favorite for several years. It's long lasting, only takes a small amount and it's non-greasy.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always love Nivea products ever since,it leaves my skin healthy,smooth and soft..I love the smell too...', {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Nivea products but I found their original lotion too thick to apply onto my skin, but I loved its results. This lotion is not so rich as it is light. It is between light and normal and gives your skin the same results as its thicker or richer sibling.', {'entities': [(20, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Extended Moisture Daily Lotion feels soothing without being sticky and greasy, however, I won't be purchasing any more unless there is an unscented product. In fact, I would love all of Nivea's products for extremely dry and sensitive skin to be UNscented!", {'entities': [(186, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried many lotions over time and none have worked as well as this one. The softness lasts a good long time and i really like the scent. I like how the lotion absorbs quickly into my skin and is not greasy. Thanks, Nivea!", {'entities': [(219, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was initially skeptical as I am not a frequent user of Nivea products...until I purchased this on a whim!! It is very light and moisturizing as promised! I will purchase again..in bulk do not want to be without this product!', {'entities': [(57, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received my free sample in the mail. Loved it. Smells so good and it makes my hands feel so soft. Love using Nivea products. Plan on getting this in the store soon.', {'entities': [(109, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this Nivea body lotions for years. I loved the fresh clean smells, and extended protection. I usually used it after shower in the morning and before going to bed. I woke up in the morning the skin still so soft and so smooth.', {'entities': [(23, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I discovered it about a month ago. I love this lotion by Nivea it is the best for me, as I work out in the sun and I get very dry skin. Not any more! It is amazing how it sinks right into my skin and there is absolutely no greasy feel. All I feel is softer. I received my sample today. Thank you.', {'entities': [(57, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always love Nivea products! This lotion was no exception. It was very moisturizing and kept my skin feeling very soft and radiant all day!!', {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Nivea body products and this did not disappoint! I received a sample of this in my beauty box and used it all up pretty quickly! I wish the sample size had been bigger.', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very nice trying out this particular formula. I have enjoyed Nivea lotions in the past :)', {'entities': [(61, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a fan of Nivea products. I work out doors. My skin take's a lot of abuse from the sun and weather. Just because I am a man doesn't mean I like the feeling of dry, rough and premature aged skin. I received a sample bottle of this lotion and loved the way it made my skin feel. I also enjoy the scent too. Although, it maybe a little strong to wear around a construction site. I will continue to use my favorite Nivea products. However I will add this lotion to my shopping list.", {'entities': [(14, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Nivea', {'entities': [(5, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We've tried just about every product for dry skin, but nothing comes close to this product. It is irreplaceable and I have some stock-piled because I thought you were discontinuing it and because it is essential for our daily use. It's not too thick but one can feel the product on one's skin the day ater using it. It's wonderful and better than any expensive oils or lotions I have tired. Keep up the good work, Nivea!", {'entities': [(414, 419, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Nivea Milk Honey for a few years now and I love it. It keeps my lips moist.", {'entities': [(10, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have full lips and they easily get chapped and cracked. I started using this on a whim and I have never found another chapstick as moisturizing and non-sticky as Nivea Milk Honey. I use it once and I'm set for the rest of the day!", {'entities': [(164, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I alway have very dry chapped lips, but after using Nivea A Kiss of Milk Honey, I won't use anything else again!! My lips feel so smooth and no peeling. I love the scent too!!! Now I'm ready to be kissed!!!", {'entities': [(52, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the regular Nivea lip balm and been satisfied. However this one caught my attention. I really like the light scent/flavor. My lips feel very soft healthy. I use it daily and am quite pleased.', {'entities': [(24, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always been a fan of Nivea Lips and these are my fav!', {'entities': [(21, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought two Nivea lip products. The coral lip care/balm/tint and Kiss of Milk and Honey. This is a wonderful product--the description is accurate. All the above and more. It isn't fragrant unless I'm missing something I don't mind--it's gentle and soft. Luscious and more then a soda pop flavored lip balm. A real soother for dry lips--mine are just shy of chapped. Then there's the text book of whacky weather.Warm,cold,humid,whipping wind then freezing again.It's dry in the house and debatable outside. Lip products(all varieties) are becoming empty display shelves. So glad I bought and tried this product. It looks glamorous next to the humidifier and the big gulp of water. Thanks!", {'entities': [(13, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My lips tend to dry out very easily and most other sticks or balms I've tried over the years just don't do anything for me. Instead of moisturizing my lips they just leave a heavy, waxy residue that eventually congeals into a white film that I have to awkwardly wipe off. Yeah, not a pretty sight. But the other day I saw this in the store by chance. I like milk, I like honey, and there were only two tubes left on the shelf so I figured it was worth a try. I'm a guy so I didn't want something that would be overly fragrant or glossy, and I couldn't be more pleased with this. The scent and flavor of milk and honey is very subtle (yet delicious!) and it is light enough so it doesn't leave any sort of sheen or residue. After a week of use my lips are noticeably softer, healthier, and more hydrated. The only downside is that it softens up very quickly in my pocket due to body heat and it makes me worry about it melting in the warmer summer months. For women with purses that shouldn't be a problem. Other than that I love the product and I will continue to buy it as long as Nivea continues to make it! (Hint hint- please never discontinue it, I beg of you!)", {'entities': [(1082, 1087, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Being a girl I have tried a TON of different lip balms, but none are as pleasant as Nivea. The two main attractions for me are the taste and how well it moisturizes. It has a light scent and little to no flavor, so whenever I lick my lips my mouth doesn't fill with an overwhelmingly nasty flavor, as experienced with other brands like Lacura and Blistex. Also, for the past two years that I have been addicted to Nivea, my lips have never once pealed or cracked, as experienced with Chapstick. It is a very light lip balm too, so it never feels like there is oozy sticky stuff on your lips. I definitely recommend this stuff because it is AMAZING.", {'entities': [(84, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A Kiss Of Milk And Honey Soothing Lip Care is the best lip balm I have ever used. It's surprising how different the Nivea Lip Balm Sticks are from each other. Milk and Honey has no irritating ingredients for my very sensitive lips and surrounding area. Moisture rich! Slight sheen! I use this under all other lip products. *I use Nivea a Kiss Of Smoothness with the SPF when sun bathing but I find it drying and irritating. I should mention I have sensitivities to chemical sunscreen so I'm pretty sure that's the reason.", {'entities': [(116, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Here in the Caribbean, the temperature can get very hot. This lipbalm has helped with my chapped lips and since I work in an air conditioned environment, it helps to keep my lips moisturized. It also has a very fruity scent and it isn't greasy. I would definitely recommend this to anyone who wants to see results. I have also purchased Nivea's A Kiss of Smoothness and can't wait to try it.", {'entities': [(337, 342, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Nivea Milk and Honey Lip care for about 2 years. When seasons changed my lips would get so bad, blistered, burnt, and chapped all at once. I have tried many other products but nothing worked. I happened to just pick up Nivea just to see if it works and I haven't put it down since. IT IS THE ONLY PRODUCT I USE ON MY LIPS!!!!", {'entities': [(18, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am trying to lose a little weight, and usually like most Lean Cuisine. But this wasn't good. Meatloaf was dry, and the potatoes and gravy were watery. I wasted my money.", {'entities': [(59, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am normally not a fan of frozen entrees that contain beef. In my past experience, they have been flavorless, unsatisfying, and have an AWFUL texture. I'm not sure what prompted me to pick this one up, and once I did I will admit that I let it sit in my freezer until it was the last frozen meal left. Now I'm sorry I waited so long to try it! The flavors reminded me of an actual home cooked meal. The meatloaf, while still identifiable as the frozen variety, had a very pleasant texture, was full of flavor, and the gravy on top was superb! The potatoes were thick, creamy, and full of flavor as well. I have found my new favorite Lean Cuisine!", {'entities': [(634, 646, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm actually eating this one now as I peruse the Lean Cuisine website! It is delicious! I wish it was packaged in one open dish instead of a partitioned dish so that I could mix the yummy meatloaf gravy with the mashed potatoes! This is definitely a feel good comfort food dish. I make meatloaf and mashed potatoes for my husband and kids to enjoy and I make this Lean Cuisine for myself (to cut back on my daily calories and fat intake) and it is very satisfying. I don't miss eating my homemade dinner because this one is just that good!", {'entities': [(49, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Blew my expectations out of the water! I was expecting a normal boring microwave meal with this one, but it literally tastes like I just cooked meatloaf and mashed potatoes in my kitchen. Absolutely delicious, the mashed potatoes are the perfect side and the gravy with the meatloaf is to die for. One of my favorite Lean Cuisines!', {'entities': [(317, 329, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Both my husband and I agree this is our least favorite Lean Cuisine. I thought it had an odd smell while cooking and did not enjoy the flavor of the sauce that was on the meat. I will stay away from this meal in the future.', {'entities': [(55, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been buying this same Lean Cuisine Sweet Sour Chicken lunch for many years and the last few times I have had it, it has been a watery mess. The rice is just swimming in water. The sauce is not thick as it used to be. At first I thought maybe I just got a bad batch, but I have purchased the same product from different stores at different times and have gotten the same thing the last 5 or 6 times. I hate to say that I don't think I will be buying this product any longer.", {'entities': [(29, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally love my Lean Cuisine Entrees. Especially the organic ones. This one was suppose to have 16 grams of protein. I received one slice of chicken and 3-4 tiny bits. The total chicken amount was less than the size of my little finger. I didn't notice veggies just rice and sauce. I think the product wasn't as intended, and I hope the issue is fixed so I can try it again.", {'entities': [(19, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The food is Lean Cuisine quality... You know, not a 5-star meal but it's better than PBJ sandwiches. Biggest issue with this one is the sauce. I taste sweet, but no sour. Needs some improvement.", {'entities': [(12, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had the new Marketplace Sweet Sour Chicken, the taste is good, you get 5 little piece of chicken and a ton of Rice! Over 50 of this product is Rice. I like most of Lean Cuisine products but this one need some improvement. To MUCH WHITE RICE', {'entities': [(166, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm very picky and I usually won't eat frozen meals but I decided to give this one a try and take it to work. SO GLAD I DID! I can and do eat it 3-4 times per week. Let's start with the chicken: This chicken is actually edible and tastes perfect with the sauce and rice. Once it has sat for a minute I use a fork to make the chicken into smaller bites before I mix it around. With other frozen chicken meals--not Lean Cuisine-- I realized I was just eating the vegetables because the chicken was so bad. I will try other LC products to see how they stand up to the Sweet and Sour Chicken!", {'entities': [(413, 425, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've never tried Lean Cuisine, until last week, when I purchased enough meals for lunch. Today I tried the Sweet Sour Chicken for the first time and it was GREAT! It is the BEST Sweet Sour Chicken I have EVER had, including Chinese Restaurants. The chicken was so tender and you could see the chunks of pineapple, green and red bell pepper. The sauce was delicious! I love this and will definitely buy more.", {'entities': [(17, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is one of my husbands favorites since we retired. He has asked me to keep one in the freezer so it's there whenever he wants one. Lean Cuisine never disappoints us!", {'entities': [(135, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Sweet and Sour chicken meal is one of the best that Lean Cuisine makes..only problem for me is that I want more after I've finished it.", {'entities': [(52, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is sooo good. The chicken is very tender, and you can taste the pineapple and peppers. The sauce just makes this dish. It's hard to believe that this is frozen. This is definitely my favorite so far. Time to stock up my freezer with these. Try this one you will not be disappointed. Thanks Lean Cuisine, this one's a keeper!!", {'entities': [(295, 307, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have Rosacea on my cheeks and have tried prescriptions, creams, and special make up. None was very effective. I received this as a sample when I purchased Cerave cleanser and began using it to soothe my inflamed cheeks. Within 3 weeks, my cheeks are smoother and significantly les red. I don't use much and am sure to rub it in really well so my face isn't greasy looking, but what a difference!", {'entities': [(157, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Benadryl has been a life saver through the years for my family. It started with my son and his allergys if it was not for benadryl I dont know how he would have made it through his childhood. Now I have it on hand for my granddaughter who not only has sensitive skin and gets rashes but also has seasonal allergys Benadrly is a product that is effective and dependable fthrough out thirty nine years of my life. Love this product.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As adults we use this due to allergies and food allergies. We like the fact this is dye free. And I like the fact that Walmart has it back on their shelves and it's been missing for several years. Yes we recommend greatly two friends and family and people I meet in stores this particular Benadryl thank you", {'entities': [(289, 297, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son refuses to take medicine because of the taste most of the time. He also has terrible allergies children's Benadryl dye-free allergy liquid is amazingly easy to get him to take it. Thank goodness, it works wonders!", {'entities': [(113, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Benadryl is a fast working medicine for relief for many things. Not only does Benadryl help with allergic reactions this product also relieves itchy watery eyes and nasal congestion as well! I use this as an adult even though its for children. It has one downfall for me, I can only take it at night because it makes me totally drowsy.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Benadryl Children's Dye-Free Allergy Liquid stays in stock at my home. I've always kept Benadryl in stock for allergic reactions/in case of emergency. Benadryl is and has always been a trusted life saver in times of need. The dye-free children's is just one more Benadryl product I keep stocked, trust and am thankful to have around in times of need.", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used and trusted Benadryl for over 45 yrs. I always keep a bottle in the medicine cabinet and emergency kit. It can truly save a life.', {'entities': [(24, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Children's Benadryl is a wonderful product.My daughter has bad allergies,the sneezing,itchy watery eyes and runny nose,this product gives her immediate relief.She loves the bubble gum flavor and I love knowing it's Dye-Free and Alcohol-Free.", {'entities': [(11, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think that Benadryl is great! I have used it over the years and it works great. Helps so much with allergies when other medicine may not! Take a night.', {'entities': [(13, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Benadryl is great product and been around for years so of course it is going to be great. This one is great for the kids because of the bubble gum flavor.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My furbaby was sick and I took her to the vet. She recommended that I give her some Benadryl allergy liquid in an eye dropped or syringe. She said she'd write me a script for something far more expense but this was much cheaper, I could be it anywhere and it will work like a charm. She was right. Thankfully, she was right.", {'entities': [(84, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used kids Benadryl since 7 years ago. I being diagnosed with allergy when I was 6 years. I try a lot of brands and I always finished refusing them because nothing work. But the day I try kids Benadryl my life changes. Is the only medicine work for me. So in this house not only my kids used this I'm the 1 fan of kids Benadryl!!", {'entities': [(12, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When the pollen count is high here in California my niece has to spend her days indoors which is tough of on a rambunctious 5 year old. She loves being outside riding her bike and playing in the mud. Using Benadryl Allergy Liquid she's able to be the 5 year old outside and enjoying the fresh air.", {'entities': [(206, 214, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Children's Benadryl for my girls allergy. She loves the flavor and the smell. Is a fast relief after 1 hour of use. I recomended. They coming in different flavors.", {'entities': [(17, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Children's Benadryl helps with my kiddos allergies so much. I love that it's due free. With the constant weather changes it's good to always have this on hand.", {'entities': [(11, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've purchased this product several times over the years. Mostly because it's funny. I've never actually used it. Just gave it as gifts. One of the folks has used it and thought it was great. Can't go wrong with a product called Anti Monkey Butt.", {'entities': [(229, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 5 year old grandson will not rope without his Anti Monkey Butt on board his horse Dr Pepper while roping. Gage keeps his Anti monkey Butt product on the back of his saddle at all rodeos he uses it to smooth his ropes out before each competition! Thank you Anti monkey Butt for helping to encourage a champion cowboy!!', {'entities': [(49, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Anti Monkey Butt is better than Gold Bond Powder, I use it every day, it cleared up a rash in just a day, try this it works!', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought Anti Monkey Butt Powder some years ago for my husband who is an avid cyclist. He uses it all the time and says nothing even comes close to comparing with this product. As for my complete devotion to Anti- Monkey Butt Powder---From time to time I develop very sore, stinging skin eruptions on my arms when under stress I take Effexor for PTSD which likely adds to the skin sensitivity. I've tried prescription medications for the skin eruptions and nothing has worked. UNTIL I tried Anti- Monkey Butt Powder ! which soothed the skin, took the stinging sensation down several levels and I will put forward Saved my Sanity from the constant stinging. I live in Canada so it's being a real chore finding where to buy more... But Anti- monkey Butt powder is worth its weight in gold. Nothing comes close to the soothing and drying properties of this product.", {'entities': [(9, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Kellogg's Smart Start is my husband's all-time favorite cereal. I like it too. I appreciate so much that Target carries this cereal, at a very good price and makes it so easy to order on line and pick up in the store.", {'entities': [(10, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Loving this mascara. I have tried many store brands as well as the high end brands. When I ran across the NYX Doll Eye in Waterproof I thought I'd give it a try. It is great for everyday use and best of all I have had no problems with clumping or the mascara flaking off during the day. The one warning I will give is if you want to put on multiple layers do it quickly. This mascara dries fairly fast!", {'entities': [(106, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("AMAZING! Never been able to wear liquid eyeliner I've always wore pencil eyeliner!! I love this product!!! Easy to use and goes on so smooth!!! Thank you so for such amazing products! I use nothing but NYX cosmetics now!!!", {'entities': [(202, 205, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all NYX makeup and I love these pencils but every time I try to sharpen Mine I ruin them. Do anyone have a tricks to sharpens without ruining the pencil', {'entities': [(11, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I actually received this product in Nectar as an extra in my last NYX online order. The color was a little dark on me and I probably won't be getting much use out of it, but I loved the product itself. It applies very evenly and easily. The color is very bold too. It wasn't insanely long lasting, but definitely worth it. It was fairly dry, but not as dry as other liners. I would recommend topping it off with NYX butter gloss or NYX Chunky Dunk. I would totally buy this product in another color.", {'entities': [(66, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have about 12 of these and they are just to die for. They can be worn with a lipstick or without, I prefer without. No smudging, no mess, extremely matte. My favorite product from NYX and you can't beat the price.", {'entities': [(182, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love NYX lip and eye liners. The price is so affodable and the product goes on smoothly. I've been using this product for years but my first time ordering it on line. Delivery was fast. I would recommand this product!!!", {'entities': [(7, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried many and have found that NYX is the best. Please keep making Plum 812. It's an excellent lip liner!", {'entities': [(36, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love all the NYX lip pencils because they are so easy to line your lips they stay put, making your lips full beautiful.', {'entities': [(15, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There is no lip pencil that can't even compare or come close to NYX. These inexpensive ones are the creamiest, go on smooth no matter what the temps are. My others used to get hard during cold weather. These stay on FOREVER, even after eating your lips still have beautiful color. Love..Love Love them. Will not use another brand again.", {'entities': [(64, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("NYX lip liners are the first i've ever used so I can't really compare to any other brands. The formula is smooth and very pigmented, I like to apply on my entire lip without adding lipstick on top and I get the perfect matte lip! Only downside is that its kinda hard to sharpen. Every time i try to sharpen my lip pencil the product breaks off :/ Some said to put it in the fridge so that the wax can harden before sharpening so I will give that a try! For my signature neutral pink lip, NUDE PINK is perfect!", {'entities': [(0, 3, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the color selections and a great value. I will start stocking up for the holiday season to match my new NYX lippies.', {'entities': [(109, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
('NYX has the best shades of red on the market. Better than all the other high end makeup companies such as Chanel, Estee Lauder and Clinique. Great value and great product.', {'entities': [(0, 3, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently purchased a handful of these! I have Orange, Rose, Nude Pink, Hot Red, and Hot Pink. I also received Nectar as a free gift with my last order. The color payoff is amazing and they glide on great for a normal pencil. I use the bright ones (orange, hot pink, and hot red) under my NYX Matte Lipsticks (Indie Flick, Shocking Pink, and Pure Red) and they make the lipstick last all day!', {'entities': [(290, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE, LOVE, LOVE the NYX Lip Liners! I have 26 of their 50 lip liners and they have never disappointed me. They glide on, stay put for hours and so affordable! I don't use any other brand!", {'entities': [(23, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ever since the first time I bought a NYX slim pencil in hot pink I have been hooked! I will never purchase a lipstick/lipliner from an over priced store again. I am big on bold bright lips. This pencil gives me the matte look I have always had a hard time finding anywhere else. I use it as a lipstick it is creamy enough to use on my entire lips. If I am feeling in the mood I will add a similar pink lip gloss to give my lips some shine.I've received so many compliments and would like to try EVERY single shade NYX offers. I've also used Dolly Pink which is more of a soft pink when I want to tone it done. I love that one too.", {'entities': [(37, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love NYX's lip pencils in Purple Rain, Bloom and Pinky. I no longer buy lipstick I just use the pencils to create an amazing lip stain that last all day! In my profile pic I'm rocking NYX's Purple Rain lip pencil. 3 it! - China", {'entities': [(18, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Curel Ultra Healing is a good moisturizing hand lotion. The major drawback is the parabens in it. If they would remove those, I would give it 5 stars.', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like this lotion because it gives instant relief. I use alot of different hand soaps and some cause my hands to dry out my hands instantly. I use some of the Ultra Healing from Curel, and my hands feel so much better. There is no greasy feeling residue. It is my new go to lotion.', {'entities': [(186, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After living in the west Texas desert and moving to a humid climate in Asia, my skin was ravaged by dryness. Curel Ultra Healing helped with the cracked heels and flaky skin! I especially love that it is not at all greasy!', {'entities': [(109, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Curel for 3 or so years! It is the absolute best lotion! It took me awhile to find a lotion I could use on my body AND face. Curel is a fabulous product and it will always be the only lotion I will ever use. It leaves my skin feeling smooth and hydrated.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Curel. The ultra healing is prefect for me in winter, as my skin gets very dry. This is absolutely the best!', {'entities': [(7, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Curel Ultra Healing is the ONLY lotion I will use It is the only lotion that helps my dry skin and keeps it soft', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always had dry skin, but for years now, I've used Curel daily and my skin feels great!", {'entities': [(55, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('works great I have tried everything and Curel Ultra Healing is the best', {'entities': [(40, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am close (too close than I care to admit) to 70. I am diabetic and have turtle skin on my legs. It looked so dry and scaly that I refused to wear anything but long pants. To make matters worse I have a new granddaughter that has the silkiest skin I have ever felt. I used the Curel ultra healing lotion and now my legs are almost as silky as the baby and I don't even have to use it every day...I have taken my shorts and dresses out of the closet! Thank you for a product that actually does what it says it will do! I have recommended this to everyone I know. I even have my husband using it!", {'entities': [(278, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample, and went out and bought a bottle!!! this product works!!!! I work and deal with money as a cashier, and meat, at a supermarket, so I am forever using hand sanitizer and washing my hands, and they get so cracked and dry. I tried Curel, Ultra Healing, and this product works!!! i no longer have dry, cracked hands. I keep the small trial size in my smock pocket, with me at work, so its always with me. I also use the big bottle at home, for daily moisturizihg. It works on all your body parts, and my skin is very dry, living near Chicago, out winters are cold, and the Wind, is sooo bad, that this is the best lotion out there, to prevent dry, cracked, flaking skin. I also have Diabetic skin, and it is gentle enough for me as well. I trust Curel, and have been using it for almosr 2 yrs now, and I highly recommend it. It absorbs quickly, without leaving you greasy. Of all your formulas, this one works the best for me!! Thanks Curel. BW', {'entities': [(249, 254, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ive tried many other lotions and Curel is the best the rough skin Curel was no where close to the Ultra Healing one', {'entities': [(33, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I suffer from dry skin. We have tried many, many lotions, only to find that they don't really work. Someone mentioned Curel to me so I decided to try it. I bought the Ultra Healing because, well, it said ultra healing. First, it works great. It absorbs easily and does help stop our itching. Another thing I like about it is that it has a pump, so you only need one hand to operate it. I make sure to never run out of Curel, because we use it everyday.", {'entities': [(133, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Curel for over 10 years. I was introduced to it in the hospital by a nurse after my surgery and it has helped my skin stay soft and holds my youthful look,(even though I am 60 years old). People have guessed my age at 38 to 44. I give credit to Curel all the way. Thank you for having this on the market for me and others out there. I constantly tell people what I use. Thanks again.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Curel, Now that you came out with a Ultra Healing I'm even more excited. I have very very dry skin. I use this lotion all the time and I get so many compliments about my skin being so soft especially from my hubby. Who wouldn't want to hear that from there hubby. I find that very sexy. Works great on freshly shaved legs as well.", {'entities': [(16, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use all of the different Curel products, and they all work well for me. They keep my skin moist between showers. Some lotions seem to only last for a few hours. I can even skip a day using Curel. I would like to see them make a product with an SPF factor to use for daily sun protection.', {'entities': [(27, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this for my husband who is diabetic to use. It has cleared up all of the patches of rough, dry skin he had on his arms and legs. I have always loved Curel Lotion, and now my husband is a fan too. Works just as well as the diabetic formula lotions.', {'entities': [(158, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of this lotion and was truly pleased. I have always suffered from extremely dry skin all year long and all of the lotions I had tried prior just didn't do my skin justice. Curel actually healed my dry and unmoisturized skin very quickly.", {'entities': [(192, 197, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Curel for many years for my sensitive dry skin. The Ultra Healing version is the best ever for my skin. Serious hydration makes my skin feel and look better, even during Midwestern winters.', {'entities': [(12, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Ultra Healing is worth whatever price is because I felt immediate relief from the very first use! Curel is a fabulous product and it will always be the only lotion I will ever use.', {'entities': [(103, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My sister swears by this particular line of Curel lotion. I tried it and I have to agree. It is very nice. I love thick lotions that actually sink in and moisturize the skin.', {'entities': [(44, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This has been very effective on my face and I am very impressed with it. I also use the Curel Rough Skin Rescue which is very effective for my dry skin on my feet. Love it.', {'entities': [(88, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to get canker sores a lot. This stopped when I started using natural Tom's of Maine toothpaste! My husband and I love the flavours and the fact that it's fluoride free. It keeps our teeth nice shiny.", {'entities': [(76, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tom's of Maine tooth paste and mouthwash faithfully for at least the last 25 years and will not use ANY other product than Tom's.", {'entities': [(18, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tom's of Maine ToothpasteTom's is a small company, employing fewer than two hundred people. It was founded in 1970 and then purchased by Colgate in 2006. Fortunately, Colgate has left Tom's alone to manage their business according to their original principles.Tom's makes natural products. The toothpaste contains no sugar, sweeteners, or artificial flavoring. By contrast, I looked at a tube of Colgate toothpaste that I have on the shelf. It contains flavor, whatever that is, saccharine, and propylene glycol. The last ingredient is a less-toxic form of anti-freeze. One advantage of Tom's toothpaste is that we do not have to worry about ingesting poisons when we use it.I have been using Tom's for years. The toothpaste comes in many flavors. On Amazon, you can find Peppermint,Spearmint,Fennel,Orange-Mango,Cinnamint,Wintermint,Apricot,Soothing Mint,True Mint, and Gingermint, among others. I prefer the Peppermint flavor, which is refreshing, but not overwhelming. The toothpaste is available in sizes from 1 ounce to 6 ounces.I do not exactly live in a wilderness area, but my local stores no longer carry Tom's. Fortunately, it can be found on Amazon and other web sites. The prices do vary from vendor to vendor, so check for the best price.", {'entities': [(0, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great tasting toothpaste. It's fluoride free and I've been using it or one of the other great Tom's of Maine floride free toothpastes. (They carry fluoride toothpastes too, so be sure and read the label if you want that in your toothpaste.) I love the peppermint flavor too. I've used Tom's of Maine for years.", {'entities': [(104, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tom's of Maine Natural Care Toothpaste, Antiplaque, Tartar Control Whitening, Peppermint, 6 oz (170 g) (Pack of 6)", {'entities': [(0, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My wife has bought 6 different manual can openers from Walmart in the last year. All of them costing at least 10 each. Each one of them have never worked properly, coming off the can, hard to turn handle etc etc. I googled best manual can opener and found the Zyliss as top rated. I then purchased this opener, when it arrived I gave it to my wife. Every time she uses it she tells me how much she loves it and it's the best can opener she has ever had or used. To me that says it all. Now she can stop wasting money ever other month purchasing inferior openers.", {'entities': [(260, 266, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Did you know a can opener can change your life I never thought I would ever get so poetic over a mundane kitchen tool, but this Zyliss opener is just that excellent. My last can opener was one of those cheap metal ones you buy at the grocery store. Never, ever again. I love the clamp feature on this, it relieves you of having to use much force to open cans. I can't speak to the longevity of this product - I've only used it for a month - but so far, it has been an excellent purchase.", {'entities': [(128, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had an old manual can opener, worked like crud for years. I eventually bought another cheap can opener. Admired the Zyliss design, however could not buy local or price was too high. I bought a regular cheap can opener, better than my old broken one. However I had an order in with Walmart so I decided to add the Zyliss. Walmart had the best price and I think my order got me free shipping. I bought it. WORTH IT. If it holds up, does not break, which I don't expect, this is the best can opener I ever had. It opens cans easily with less effort and more comfort. I can say this is a great deal, even at the higher price.", {'entities': [(118, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Did you know a can opener can change your life? I never thought I would ever get so poetic over a mundane kitchen tool, but this Zyliss opener is just that excellent. My last can opener was one of those cheap metal ones you buy at the grocery store. Never, ever again. I love the clamp feature on this, it relieves you of having to use much force to open cans. I can't speak to the longevity of this product - I've only used it for a month - but so far, it has been an excellent purchase.", {'entities': [(129, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been looking for a good can opener and I found this one, Zyliss. I was going to return it because I tried opening a can and it wouldn't open....but when I learned how to use it properly,oh, man! I love it and I would recommend this to anyone; it hasn't failed me, A GREAT BUY!", {'entities': [(64, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had several hand can openers prior to a Zyliss. This has to be THE BEST opener, ever! Not much more to say than this. Splurge and buy one for yourself. You won't be disappointed.", {'entities': [(45, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are beautiful and lovely for the price as with my other Simply Shabby Chic linen / cotton pillows purchased over 6 years ago they fade nicely and wash well. Highly recommended.', {'entities': [(62, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Mario Badescu products for years. I usually buy my products directly from the store in New York or online from Nordstrom. When I realized amazon sold Mario i figured why not order from here....terrible decision! these are not real Mario products. It smells differently from what it should and the color is off. This product foams differently and burns my eyes terribly. The real thing is very mild and gentle, it does not burn your eyes and has a very delicate and light smell to it. I absolutely love Mario Badescu products and highly recommend them, I would suggest that anyone who wants to give the products a try go directly to the mario site or Nordstrom ( they have free shipping). So disappointing to see that there are people out there giving such a great brand a bad name by producing cheap imitations great Buyer beware!', {'entities': [(18, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I originally thought that this Mario Badescu face soap was fake, because of the reviews. I got it and saw the bottle is now an opaque bottle. I ordered a real one from Mario Badescu website, thinking the one I ordered for Amazon was fake. I was pissed thinking Amazon ripped me off. I have been using Mario's products for about a year now, religiously. When I noticed the bottle looked different and the soap smelled a little bit more lemony, I was going to write a horrible review. When the actual soap came from the website, I noticed that it was exactly the same. It smelled the same, and they just changed the bottle. I didn't return it and I felt silly. I now kept it for a re-up for when I am done with it. Do not be worried that this product isn't real, it is. I guarantee it!", {'entities': [(31, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Mario Badescu is more expensive than regular drugstore brands, but this Glycolic cleanser is only about 15 for 6 oz., which is much cheaper than higher end cleansers I have used (such as Uriage Hysac, which I love enough to recite vows to, but cannot afford!!!).I use this as a clarifying cleanser in place of my regular cleanser once a week, just to really get deep into my pores and target acne. It is not recommended to use it more than three times a week, just because Glycolic Acid can be irritating for sensitive skin. People with dry or sensitive skin should use it 1-2 times a week, and people with oily or very acne-prone skin can try 2-3 times just start off using it less frequently and build up to see what works for your skin type.Honestly, I don't use this foaming cleanser frequently enough to have major beef with it. It foams up nicely and a little goes a loooong way. I'm pretty sure I'll be using this bottle for the next ten years LOL! It is a clear, yellowish gel that is rather runny. You should rub it between wet hands or a wet washcloth for a few seconds until the lather forms (it is runny, not foamy like shaving cream) and gently massage it into your wet face for a minute. Then, wash offdon't forget a cold water rinse at the end!and pat your face dry. Always follow with your regular toner and moisturizer, as this can be very drying! It makes my face slightly red right after usage, but that's expected due to the high Glycolic Acid content. I use it at night only anyway, so it's not that big of a deal. If you use it in the daytime, you should wait until the redness dies down, or cover your face with a good SPF to protect the irritation.I have an affinity for gel cleansers because they are perfect for oily skin.Read more", {'entities': [(0, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have hypersensitive skin (I get rashes instead of regular breakouts) and I needed a chemical exfoliant. I also wear makeup everyday. This saved my skin, point blank period. I use it about every other day because I do get oily when I wear makeup, and I know my pores are STRESSED lol. It doesn't make my skin peel, and unlike other reviewers, it doesn't leave my skin dry. Just refreshed And it's ridiculously soft afterwards.I seriously cannot believe this cleared up my blackheads AND reduced my hyperpigmentaion from acne scars in just 2 weeks. This stuff is freaking amazing.Packaging: 10/10I LOVE the packaging. It has a great little spout that's super hygenic. I used this in the shower and absolutely no water got in it.Product: 10/10I still can't believe I didn't break out from this. I'm starstruck. You won't need a peel if you use this. I'm serious.Price: 10/10I'm not trying to give Mario Badescu any bad pointers but.... if I had used this without knowing the price, I would've guessed it would of cost 50. Seriously. And it doesn't run out! I'll edit this review when I finally reach the end of it.100/100 ADid this review help you out Then please click the Helpful button below! It helps me know what to include! As always, I answer questions!", {'entities': [(896, 909, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Last time I buy soap online unless I have already used that particular product. Has a strong perfume smell. If you like that, then go ahead purchase. Walmart carries another variety in stores (not sold online) that has little to no smell. Softsoap Soothing Aloe Vera.', {'entities': [(239, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have probably tried all the Softsoap options out there. This is my favorite. It's not as harsh as the clearer colors. It's not like an expensive, 10 a bottle brand... but it cleans your hands without over drying them. The smell is gentle too without being girly. Great for the whole family.", {'entities': [(30, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Softsoap Milk Protein Honey Moisturizing Hand Soap Refill, 56 oz. for about 15 years. I tried to switch to the store brand, but it just didn't have the same moisturizing effect. Having worked in a preschool for 8 years, I am used to washing my hands - a lot! This is one of the few soaps that does not dry out my skin - even during winter!", {'entities': [(18, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This hand soap was thick and creamy with a nice coconut smell. Much happier with this than when I purchased the clear Softsoap liquid hand soap which was like water.', {'entities': [(118, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great deal. Instead of buying individual hand pumps for my bathrooms. I reuse them and buy large refills such as this. Softsoap is a good product and leaves your skin soft and smooth. I would recommend this refill bottle to anyone who uses hand pumps in their baths or showers.', {'entities': [(119, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I classify Softsoap liquid soap of anytype as 1 on the list. My preference and have been using for a number of years. Easy on the hands or body.', {'entities': [(11, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wanted a body scrub product that was gentler than apricot scrub so thought I'd try this. The scent is great, the body wash is very creamy and the crushed coconut shell is very fine and gentle. I was skeptical that Softsoap could make a decent body wash, but this one is pretty nice and the price is a bargain. It doesn't exfoliate too much and the emollients seem to keep your skin moist and soft.", {'entities': [(216, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was excited to get a free sample of Softsoap Body Scrub Coconut Butter Exfoliating Body Wash to try in exchange for my review. I absolutely loved this body wash! The exfoliating beads were gentle, yet effective, and I love how smooth my skin felt after using it. The scent was pleasant without being overwhelming, and it left my skin feeling very moisturized.', {'entities': [(38, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have really enjoyed using Softsoap Body Scrub Coconut Butter Exfoliating Body Wash. The scent is wonderful and not overpowering. It's got a great lather, and cleans very well. My skin has remained moisturized since I began using the product. I don't feel like it exfoliates very well, but that's not something my skin needs this time of year.", {'entities': [(28, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This soap smells so amazing. Its not overwhelming. Softsoap, please release a line of candles featuring this scent!! Will repurchase', {'entities': [(51, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I switched to Persil and have zero intentions to return to Tide, which smells terrible. It doesnt remove stains like Persil. Persil Pro Clean also comes with a heavenly scent.', {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide pods for a while and have had issues with them not dissolving and leaving residue on my clothes and purple stains on some of my whites. I have also noticed that my washer has an odor that I did not experience when I was using liquid. I have to clean my washing machine often to reduce the smell. I cannot say 100 that it is caused by the pods but that is the only thing that I have changed since it started.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that Tide takes way to much pride in their products the PODS are not the best in my opinion they did't get my clothes as clean as I would like the only plus side is they smell good because of the Febreze so no I will not be buying Tide PODS in the future This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Mostly everyone I talk to about laundry uses Tide! I don't ever buy it because of the cost so I was excited to try the Tide pods. I don'd have a good review but I also son't have an HE washer- so if these pods were meant to use ONLY in HE washing machines then please disregard the following: I hate to give it a 1 star rating but I feel obligated to be perfectly honest here and not just give a good review because I was given a free sample. I used 1 pod to wash a medium load of laundry and although the clothes were clean, they had a weird smell to them. I use Febreze and like the smell of it but the clothes did not come out smelling good and I had to rewash. Bummer because Tide is supposed to be one of the best detergents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very excited to try the Tide pods + Febreze. I was disappointed when I washed and dried my clothes only to notice they didn't have much of a smell. I have used many products and this one is on the lower end of my list. a generic dryer sheet has more smell than this did. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was looking forward to trying out the Tide Pods. They do shave a few seconds off of each of your loads of laundry, as you just have to toss them in. The package said that the pods dissolve in any temperature, but I did a hot and cold load with each of my samples and wasn't impressed with the way they dissolve. I was always taught not to put detergent directly on my clothes, so my normal routine is to put clothes into already-soapy water. I watched and waited after putting in the pods (both loads) and it took a long time to dissolve. Even after the casing dissolved, the detergent didn't get very soapy. The pods did get the job done. Our clothes came out clean. While I enjoy the smell of freshly cleaned clothes, I did not enjoy this particular scent (Botanical Rain). It was a strong, soapy smell. I can appreciate why someone would want to switch over to pods, but these simply are not for me. I received these two free samples to try through BzzAgent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods and honestly I wasn't impressed, you would think the more a product costs the better it smells...wrong! I love being able to smell my clothes after I wash them and dry them. I pulled them out of the washing machine and I couldn't even smell anything, they just smelled like wet clothes. I honestly do like the regular Tide Detergent, however, the Pods + Febreze completely fell short of expectations. Like the title says, its great...for a free sample. I'm glad I didn't go out and purchase the product first! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In my free bzzkit from bzzagent I received 2 packs of the new Tide + Febreze laundry detergent pods so I was able to really try them out. I used them on a day that I had two loads of laundry to do so I really got to get a feel for the smell and I must say, I was unimpressed. I felt that the scent was too strong. It also left my washer with somewhat of a musty smell even after I had left the door open to sit and air out. I used it on the sheets for my bed and for the next two nights I would wake up during the night smelling the detergent smell and wishing that I hadn't! I definitely wont be using these again and I will stick with my usual Tide original detergent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(62, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods + Febreze and I must say they aren't any better than the Gain pods I use. I actually prefer the scent of Gain over Tide. The Tide Pods did clean my clothes very good but I don't think I will be making a switch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I liked the cleaning power of the Tide pods, unfortunately although the scent was pleasant it was too overpowering and irritated my allergies. For someone who is not bothered by heavy scents these would be a great option. The convenience of pods are great for when your children do their own laundry, and they do clean well. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really didn't notice much of a difference in fragrance of the a Tide Pods plus Febreze versus regular Tide pods. I have always used Tide products in my laundry and really like their products. I personally am not a big fan of Febreze to begin with (I do not like their fragrance). I will continue to use Tide in my laundry but probably won't purchase the plus Febreze kind. I really don't like a ton of fragrance on my laundry anyway as I have sensitive skin. Less is more in the case of fragrance for laundry. Too much can be overpowering, especially if you already wear perfume or lotions. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always been a good product but it costs more and I don't usually buy it. But since i gotitfree I used it and my clothes came out smelling good. I liked it, I'm not flipping and doing cartwheels over it, but I think Tide is a good brand in general so you can't really go wrong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(222, 226, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the TidePods+Febreze Botanical Mist were ok but not great. It has a pleasant smell but it's not my fave. My clothes were not any brighter than what they are with the regular liquid Tide I use. I don't think they are worth the price so I'm going to stick with my liquid Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the TidePods from LaundryInnovation that I GotItFree were just average especially for the price. It smelled great and I liked the new scent but I didn't notice the clothes to be noticeably brighter or cleaner and the smell dissipated after coming out of the dryer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Before trying the Tide PODS + Febreze included in my BzzKit, I had only used Tide HE liquid detergent. I have only good things to say about Tide. It ALWAYS gets the job done. It'd be the only detergent I'd purchase if I could afford it! I was very excited to try the Tide PODS and see what they're all about. There's a lot to love about them. The instructions are simple the PODS go directly into the laundry, saving you the trouble of measuring/spilling liquid detergent they're HE compatible and they boast an impressive 4-in-1 combination of detergent, stain remover, brightener, and Febreze. What you need to know is that they do NOT cover fabric softener, so plan on adding that to your load. Also, they work great in either warm or cold cycles, making them very convenient. I have only one complaint, but it's a big one: the fragrance didn't last through a normal dryer cycle. I was super disappointed because this was the aspect of the PODS I was most excited about. My clothes were clean, but they didn't smell fresh. I don't know about you, but when my dirty laundry is done washing and drying, I want them to SMELL clean! When I moved the load from the washer to the dryer, the fragrance was awesome. I loved it! But when I went to fold everything, it was gone. Like, 100 gone. I was so sad. :( Unfortunately, the convenience of the Tide PODS + Febreze Botanical Mist didn't outweigh the weak fragrance, in my honest opinion. I think I'd stick with something else in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide pod that I was sent by Bzzagent for the first time last night. Since I didn't know if it would stain clothing or anything like that I used them on my towels, luckily they didn't stain anything but I didn't feel like I got as good of a clean with these as I normally would with regular liquid detergent. The other thing that bothers me is my husband has fire safe clothing and it cannot be washed with any kind of a fabric softener, I know this has febreeze in it but it does not state of it already had a fabric softener in it so of course I cannot use this on my husband's clothes. Also after coming out of the dryer my towels did not feel as soft as they normally would after doing my regular detergent and softener, but I still used my regular fabric softener. After all the negative things I do have a couple of positives, the Tide Pods do help shave a little time off my regular laundry time since I don't have to measure out the liquid detergent. They also have a very nice smell which seems to last, my linen closet smells very nice right now. So the smell has lasted about 16 hours, which is a nice surprise since most of the time the smell fades pretty quickly. For me, the negatives outweigh the positives, plus they are more expensive than my regular liquid detergent and my detergent lasts longer than the pods do, so I probably will not purchase this on my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It did not smell as good as the other pods offered by Tide. Smelled to earthy for my families liking. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I heard wonders of this Tide pod but in my case I was not satisfied at all. It was just meh.. no wow factor. My clothes did not smell Botanical at all. (I must clarify that the laundry I used the sample was normal duty not extremely dirty) it was just another regular load of laundry. I will not be buying this item. Did not like it at all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was really excited to try the Tide PODS plus Febreze detergent pack. However, when I used a pod in my front loader HE machine it overflowed. My machine takes very little detergent and the pod was way too much for it. There was soapy water all over my garage. The clothes smelled great and got clean. I just wish the pod itself had significantly less detergent. I don't know if others have had this experience. I'm sure a company like Tide tried this in a variety of machines and it is more my machine being the issue. Just be aware that your machine could be like mine! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Most important for me besides the clean factor is the smell. If the smell is not strong enough to last then I will typically not stick with the product. Thru Bzzagent I was able to test the Tide-Pods and Febreze Botanical Mist. Tide pods did great with removing stains and treating nice and dirty baseball uniforms. Great news stains were gone with no problem however important for my continued support of the product is that for the Febreze Botanical Mist I personally did not like the smell. The smell did last a few days, which will be great for people that enjoy that scent, but unfortunately it was not my preference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(190, 194, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you like Tide, you will love this. The scent is great and your clothes smell amazing. Really aside from the scent, this product is best for its convenience, no measuring liquid or powder, just drop it in its already done for you. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Product is ok but I think you get more bang for your buck using the liquid Tide. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am very sensitive to fragrance but I did find when I used the Tide pods with Febreze it was not that strong. It was a nice light smell. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(64, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given the change to try this product from The Home Testers Club. Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze would be a great product from someone is is not bothered by scents/fragrances in laundry detergent. Pods are a wonderful savour when doing laundry as they help to control exactly how much product is used each time one doesn't need to worry about others using too much or too little detergent providing they do a standard sized load. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods with Febreeze had a nice fragrance, but I didn't notice any other specific difference with the product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods were ok. The smell on the clothing after it came out of he dryer was nice. It is very convenient to just throw it in the wash and know all your clothing will be washed and smell good. Overall it was a good product. Just don't know if I am going to run out and buy it. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods cleaned well and the clothes smelt nice. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is already good on its own. Adding Febreze to the mix does little to nothing to change my opinion of the product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide, I like the original Tide scent and I am happy with the way it cleans! I found the Tide with Febreeze has a strong scent. I know that it is suppose to but its a bit strong for my liking. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always use Tide,usually the liquid with Downy,but I tried the Pods with the Febreeze and did not like it one bit..had tried the liquid with ti too and didn't like so it's the Febreeze not the Tide.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great cleaning and aroma.Tide pods are a great value ,fabulous cleaning product!!!!!!', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After receiving my free Tide pods samples, I decided to give them a try with a smaller load of laundry. It's much easier to toss in a pod than measure and pour detergent and fabric softener, so that's a plus for me. However, I LOVE my laundry to smell great, and these Tide Pods just didn't do it for me. If I were to purchase these, I would have to toss multiple pods in just to achieve the fresh smell, so it probably wouldn't be worth it to me since Tide is usually more expensive. I received a few other brand samples, so I'm hoping those will smell better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had fun trying the new Tide PODS Plus Febreze sample I received. It was almost too pretty to use! The clothes came out nice and clean, but the Febreze fragrance was stronger than I personally prefer. I hung the clothes out on the line to dry, and they still smelled quite perfumey when I brought them in later. Not a bad smell, just more intense than I like. Probably wouldn't bother most people, though. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I enjoyed using Tide Pods with Febreeze, the scent wasn't over powering and was quite pleasant, the packaging was nice and simple. No measuring needed, which keeps things tidy. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods Plus Febreze left my laundry a lot fresher than my current detergent! I was very pleased with the botanical rain scent and it's also covenient to simply pop the pods in the washer.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think it the Tide with fabreze botanical mist smelled great. My toddler daughter said she smells like a princess. I do intend to buy the full size product to wash her clothes from now on. Thank you bzzagent and tide gotitfree. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm using Tide brand since I got married. Sometimes hubby does the laundry and we always have issues on measuring right amount of liquid into the washer. But when I saw Tide pods I feel like they read our minds -) thanks to Tide pods no more fights now and no more messy dryer lids (as hubby always put detergent on dryer and the spilling liquid rests on dryer lid. The combination of tide and febreez is very nice but I was expecting more scent or maybe our clothes were sooo much dirty and smelly so it took rest of the scent to erase those smells. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think Tide Pods def live up to its standards, Tide products have always been my go to. Well known brand with competive prices, and gets the job done. My clothes were brighter, smelled good and no residue left behind. Even when fully dried, scent lasted, which is always an Aplus! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was always curious about Tide Pods, but have never gotten around to trying them until I got a sample free from BzzAgent. I definitely wasn't disappointed! The Pods are incredibly easy to use and are completely mess free. I just popped one in the drum of my HE washer, tossed in a load of whites, and was off to the laundry races. My clothes came out of the washer smelling fresh. I think the Tide scent faded a little by the time my clothes were out of the dryer, but they definitely smelled clean. I think the added Febreze had a huge hand in that. The Tide Pods eliminate the possibility little drips of liquid detergent getting on your laundry room floor. As someone who hates those drips, I love the no mess feature of the Pod. As a parent of two young children, I can see how the design and colors of Tide Pods can be tempting to children. I feel like as long as I kept them in an out of reach/out of sight location, I'd feel comfortable using Tide Pods in place of my regular liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Febreze are great to use for sporting equipment. My husband plays hockey and I used the pod to wash his hockey gear after playing, it leaves it things smelling great and keeps the house smelling even better. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given a sample bag of Tide Pods in my Influenster XO Vox Box and I've used it every time I've done my laundry since I received it. The smell is wonderful and it leaves my bedding and clothes smelling wonderful! I did, however, notice that there was a spot of residue left on my comforter from where the pod didn't dissolve completely. I feel that it works well on loads that aren't as large as a queen-sized comforter. Other than that like how they work.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved how my clothes smelled after using the Tide Pods plus Febreeze Botanicals. I also loved how clean my clothes were after using this laundry soap. I would recommend this product to anyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had a chance to try Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain sample thanks to BzzAgent and I had the perfect load to test it out on.... my husbands socks and underwear!! I have to say it did a really good job on getting those stinky things clean. Although the scent is not my favorite it was nice and fresh and not too strong plus it has lingered for a few days. When he gets dressed in the mornings I catch a whiff of the botanical scent when he puts his socks on. The packs are very easy to use just throw it in the wash and that's it. I was a little afraid I might accidentally stick my long fingernail through while getting it out of the package it but it held up with no problems. Nice product. I would use it again but just in a different scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Having an almost three year old boy and three cats, my laundry machine never gets a break. I was very excited to be chosen for this BzzAgent campaign since I never previously tried any of the products that I received in the mail. I usually just use liquid laundry detergent and was always skeptical of the tabs. I used 1 Tide Pod Plus Febreze for our bed lines, sheets and towels and I just love how fresh everything smells. All of my laundry came out clean. Even a few days after my towels still smell fresh. I used the other Tide Pod for my cats pet beds and they came out great without any kind of bad smell. My cats weren't bothered by it and I love the fresh smell in my living room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide flings in my daughter's delicate but dirty laundry. They came out so clean and smelling amazingly fresh. It was so easy, no measuring and no mess. The Tide fling is an all in one pod with stain cleaner, detergent and fresh Downy freshness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very skeptical when I first tried the new Tide pods because I used to use pod type detergent and it would take at least two-three pods to even make suds in the drum, or they wouldn't even dissolve at all. I added these to the drum before I started the wash and I was very pleasantly surprised to see soap forming very quickly after the cycle started. I checked back on the load ten minutes later and was so happy to see it was still foamy! When the load was finished it got the clothing so absolutely clean without leaving any residue, even on the dark items. I wanted to see how potent the scent would be so I didn't use any dryer sheets when I started the dyer. The clothing came out smelling very fresh, but unfortunately the scent didn't last longer than a couple days in the closet. It was very awesome only having to use one pod for a semi large load. I was overall very satisfied with this product and will just remember to use a dryer sheet next time for extra smell :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I washed my daughter's blankets with the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist . I loved how they got them really clean and she loved the smell of them ! They work great and smell good but if you wash in cold water you have to melt the pod in a cup of hot water first , which didn't bother me because it got her blankets clean and smelling good and that was no small task in it's self ! Would of gave it 5 stars if you could be able to wash in cold without having to melt it in a cup of hot water ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods were so good and easy to use.. Usually i like to use only liquid or powder detergents first time im using pods and the clothes came out so clean and tidey with fresh smelling.. im happy that i got a chance to try Tide Pods .. My husband too loved the fresh scent from the machine.. the clothes were so fresh smelling and loved to wear the washed dresses.. The freshness were still lingering even after ironing the clothes.. im really impressed This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think Tide is one of the most well known laundry detergents on the market. I also believe it is ridiculously expensive. With that being said the pods seemed to be higher quality than my current detergent. I did like the infusion of Febreeze. I have a husband who sweats A LOT and a little boy who gets into everything. It was nice that i could actually get the smells out of their clothing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain and my clothes came out smelling great. They cleaned all of my clothes great. Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain does a better cleaning then most products. It will also save money on dryer sheets because the Febreze and Botanical Rain made my clothes smell great. Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain cleaned my clothes well and left them smelling great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist were super easy to use. I loved not having to measure anything and the smell was very nice. It held up well in the dryer. I just wish it had held up a little better in the drawers. They still smelled fresh but a lot of the really good scent had disappeared. My clothes however Did get very clean and some of those kid stains that had been set in from previous washing and drying washed out. Overall this is a great product that works well and smells amazing. I would recommend wearing the clothes quickly after washing to get to enjoy the best scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is by FAR my favorite detergent. ever. I love how many different flavors it comes in, and I love how reliably clean my clothes come out each time I do laundry. I was excited to try the Botanical Rain detergent pod.....And overall I wasn't disappointed. The ease of using a detergent pod is unbeatable, and my clothes came out just as clean as I expected. I didn't mind the scent of botanical rain, but I would have to say it wasn't my favorite Tide scent. For no reason other than preference. I would still buy this product, but would love to try some of the other scents as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My little guy is getting over a nasty stomach bug. Not surprising, he threw up on his favorite blanket. Thankfully, Tide Pods + Febreeze Botanical Mist was here to save the day! It was super easy to use - just throw it it the machine with your laundry and start it. The blanket came out of the wash smelling beautiful, and my little guy was thrilled to have his blankie back smelling even better than before it got befouled. Happy guy, happy mama!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(116, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After trying Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist I was excited to have that Tide vibrant clean on my kids clothing, Tide has always been great at removing that dingy dirty look from all types of clothing. I like the Botanical Breeze small that it gives but honestly did not feel that it lasted on the clothing in the dryer. Coming out of the wash they smelled great, but after running through the dryer the fresh scent had faded a lot, so I was a little disappointed by that, and that is the only reason I did not give it a 5 star rating. Other than that, if you are looking for a detergent that can CLEAN and I mean really clean, turning dingy brown whites in to vibrant whites once again then this is the detergent for you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I ave tried the Tide PODS and I really like them. They are very attractive looking and have a pretty good scent. The only thing that stinks is that the fragrance does not last very long. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods febreeze botanical mist cleans my clothes well, making it bright and smelling fresh. You just have to drop one pac capsule per load and voila! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide has keep it's cleaning power and added a scent. The scent was not overwhelming which was nice. My white cloths were bright with a fresh smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been a huge fan of Tide and it's always been my go to laundry detergent, but Tide has managed to improve a product I didn't think could be improved! These Tide Pods are absolutely amazing! :) They are so much easier to use than regular liquid laundry detergent and I feel like they are far more efficient and will save you money in the long run. There's no measuring or over filling. (Which i tend to do..) You just throw in a pod and you have clean fresh smelling laundry. I do love the smell of these too, I'm not normally a big fan of scented laundry detergent as they can be very overwhelming and I don't like things to smell too strong, but I love the way my clothes smell from this detergent, so fresh and clean! I am impressed by this product and will continue to purchase it and use it regularly! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods Febreze Botanical Mist Cleaned Wonderful. Loved the smell and how clean the clothes came out. My daughter seen the package and wanted to do the laundry because it was so easy to just throw the pods in, made my day as well This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product based on my use of the freebies. I bought the flip top container and find it to be an attractive and convenient way to store the pods. Pods are great for busy people...no drippy messes, no measuring. You just pop one in and turn on the machine. I was impressed that with these all in one pods that I haven't seen the mystery greasy stains that I sometimes see on my clothes after a wash. It definitely seems to cut through the oily food and makeup type stains. My only reluctance about this product would be what about when you want to do really small loads. it seems more cost effective to have a liquid or powder in addition to your pods to do the smaller loads. I'm not sure it's cost effective to throw pods in with small loads. Aside from that, it's a great laundry room option. TidePodsplusFebreeze LaundryInnovations This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(809, 813, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods with much enthusiasm, as I already am a Tide user. The pod smelled great as I tossed it into the washing machine at the beginning of a cold wash. Time goes by while I impatiently await the results. Finally done I spring into action to grab the clothes. They smelled fantastic! Yet, there was gel residue left all over the clothes. So, I had to run through a rinse cycle again, that left not so much fragrance. If only I didn't have to run a second rinse cycle, these Tide pods would be my daily every load detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Before using the Tide pods with febreze, I wondered how their cleaning power compared to the liquid Tide I used in the past. Also, I wasn't sure about the one size pod fits all loads approach. I typically vary the amount of detergent based on load size. I decided to use a pod in a load of my very active 3 year old son's clothes and another in a load that included some of my husband's stinky clothes. Both loads came out great! They were large loads and all the clothes appeared to be clean. There were no noticeable undesirable odors remaining on the clothes . They had a fresh clean scent. The pods definitely did the trick! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always been a fan of Tide products throughout the years. This was my first interaction with a pod. I really liked the convienance they offered. No measuring of liquids or powders and my clothes came out clean as they always do. This also had the added bonus of the Febreze scent. Febreze is another of my all time favorite products. So, to have two of my favorite products conviently combined together in one easy to use pod, I was thoroughly satisfied and overjoyed! I would definitely recommend this to anyone and everyone! This is a great product and it is very user friendly! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love, love, love Tide Pods. It is super easy to just grab one and throw it in the wash without having to measure anything. The smell is amazing and so fresh. My clothes smelled so great, even after they hung in my closet for a week. I gave this product 4 stars only because of price. Too expensive for my taste. Take 2 off and I would buy these all of the time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ok, so I tried the Tide PODS today!! I, personally, loved them all! But, if you are someone who doesn't like a whole lot of scent in your clothes after the laundry, then the Tide PODS with Febreeze is not for you. They clean great! But they leave a LOT of scent in your clothes. I happen to really like that, so the PODs were my favorite of the three. We will be buying more of the Tide PODS with Febreeze, our family favorite! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS Plus Febreeze Botanical Rain are a great way to get super-fresh laundry-fast! I've had poor experiences with other brands of detergent packs in the past but the Tide PODS worked perfectly. I liked the added Febreeze freshness. Some of my co-workers told me whatever I was wearing smelled great. Since I wasn't wearing any fragrance I'm guessing it was the Tide PODS Plus Febreeze. I would definitely purchase this product but I will say that the fragrance may be a bit strong for someone with sensitivities. One of my friends barely made it through lunch with me because the scent was a bit strong for her. Otherwise, great detergent, conveniently pre-portioned, and fabulous Febreeze freshness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked the Tide with Febreeze. It smelled so good and the smell lasted much longer than i expected. I used this and my mom noticed the good smell and now she is using it too! Really good product, i really recommend trying it out!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Having 2 teens and a 9 year old, we go through plenty of stinky, left-in-a-pile, and under the bed for a week laundry. I LOVE hanging my clothes on the line in the yard. On laundry day when it's pouring out the Tide Pods + Febreze are the best to making our clothes clean and fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(211, 215, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain on my 7 month olds clothes and blankets. Some of her blankets and clothes just never smell fresh even after washing them. I was quite surprised to find that after using the Tide PODS, her clothes had a fresh scent that lasted aND of cpurse ca me oUT clean. The POD was easy to use, just toss it in my front loading washing machine with the clothes and wash as normal. The only thing I didn't like was the scent. I'm hoping there are different scents because I would like to try the PODS in a different one. It was too strong and just not a particular favorite. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the compact and clean size of Tide pods. They are also easy to travel with if you ever need it! The scent is fresh and my clothes came out fresh and clean. I'd recommend these to others :) (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('First time ever using Tide Pods.Overall i was quite content with this product.Inormally wash in cold water so i was impressed with my results.Great product!! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product worked well. Tide is a good brand i use from time to time. I would possibly purchase this product. Thank you for the opportunity to try before I buy. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('good product and cute packaging! Always love Tide products for the quality and effectiveness! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the fresh scent when I take the laundry out of the washer. So far I have only used it on towels. I'm not one of those people that has to use a new towel after every shower. Even a couple of days later they still smell great. They are wonderful for the dog's towels as well! Definitely will try with regular laundry soon. Good job Tide! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(337, 341, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Fabreze are a fantastic product and worth paying alittle extra for. The convenience level is maximum and since I have a lack of storage space the container is great. No more large bottles of detergent and extra scent boosters. The Botanical Rain scent I tested is heavenly. Will recommend tp others. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Pretty much the same as a regular Tide pod no discernable difference to me. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoyed the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze mostly due to the scent of it. I love the scents of Febreze products so I love how it made my clothes smell. Not only were they clean but also smelled so nice! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received a sample of Tide Pods. I really enjoyed the scent of it. Easy to just toss in without measuring anything. The clothes smelled great when finished. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used liquid detergent and was hesitant to try a pack, but I am thoroughly impressed! My first impression was the smell when I opened the package, which was amazing! The scent is so clean. I love when scent lasts on clothing. After washing and drying the clothing, it still smelled great. Tide PODS was very easy to use, just toss it in. Much quicker and less messy than liquid detergent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(302, 306, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The scent is amazing! As always Tide cleans the clothes the best. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS Plus Febreze works great! this product is convenient, easy to use and has a great scent! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always stood up about the products they sell and it works like they say .very satisfied. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I liked the Tide Pods with Febreze. It smelled amazing and seemed to actually brighten the colours of my clothes. Although it is pretty expensive, I would still recommend this product to friends and family because of the performance. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods do everything they say in the ads. Makes my clothes smell fresh and clean. I love the Fabreze added into the product. Price is pretty comparable to others. I really like the idea of the pod the most. Everything is contained and there is no mess. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods with Febreze were very convenient and smelled great. I love the fact that you just have to pop one pod into the wash to do your laundry. It has a really nice fresh scent not overpowering. Very easy to use with all the detergent, clean and scent you need. Pods are my favourite way of doing laundry. So I was very happy to receive this sample product. Tide is a great product. Quality and consistency. You will not be disappointed with this product. I really like the scent Botanical Rain. Not an overpowering scent but light and fresh. The gentle smell of a rain forest after it has rained. To sum it up the smell of fresh rain. I would give this product a perfect score and recommend others to try it. You will not be disappointed. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pod is very convenient to use and it smells so nice! It leaves a nice lingering smell in my clothes. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreze was a nice change from my regular detergent. The scent was not very strong which was a bit disappointing but still a nice product. Clothes came out nice and clean as with any Tide product Febreze scent could have been a bit stronger. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was given a sample of Tide pods with Febreze to try. I used the sample on one of my daughters favourite blankets that she had thrown up on. Before using the Tide sample I had tried 3 other detergents and even some home remedies, nothing worked. The Tide with Febreze saved this blanket, I was going to throw it out. Now it smells amazingly clean and fresh and the colour even brightened up! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the scent that Tide pods with febreeze left on my clothes. Will definetly buy! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze which I recently tested out. I loved the packaging colors and design as well as the smell of the detergent. After washing a load of laundry with the Tide Pod I could detect a noticeable scent left on clothes which I enjoyed because I feel like the clothes seem cleaner when they smell fresh. The detergent adequately cleaned my clothing and left them smelling great which is what I'm looking for in a laundry detergent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Tide brand and the Febreeze adds a nice scent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoyed the scent and the overall ease of Tide. I play soccer so my uniform is sometimes hard to clean or stay fresh but with the botanical scent it was amazing! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(51, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This was my first time using a Tide pod with febreeze. I usually use a liquid detergent and thought the pod size was perfect. No having to measure out the quantity and no mess. Was easy and convenient to use. I also noticed a few days later how fresh my clothes still smelt and that is important to me. I would definitely buy this product in the future. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got to try a free sample of Tide Pods with Febreze through Home Testers Club. I found that the Pods worked very well at getting my son's clothes clean, and he is a five year old, and you know they are messy! The Pod made his clothes smell fantastic too! I was very impressed with them! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I work in a restaurant and I find the smell of the foods hard to get out. Tide with febreeze helped eliminate the greasy stale smell they get when folded and put away for a week. Great job tide! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide liquid pods with febreeze smell great and left the clothes clean and smelling fresh! I used it to wash my kids winter coats/clothing after being in storage all summer and the scent seems to be lasting a long time. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide Pods with Frebreeze is an excellent product. The Pods definitely makes it a lot easier to do laundry. Everything is in one packet and can just throw it in the wash. No spills or mess. I really like the way my clothes smell and I'm a big scent person. Overall very happy with this product, just wish the sample I got has more than one pod in it. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really liked using my sample of Tide with Frebreze. The small single use packets are convenient and easy to use. My clothes came out clean even though I use a cold wash. It's good to know this products performs well in a cold wash scenario. Colour of liquids in packet did not stain my clothes and I did notice a pleasant smell lingering in the laundry for a few days. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide with Frebreeze performed as expected. Excellent. The scent was great. Not too strong. The cleaning power of Tide always meets my expectations. great product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I prefer using Pods because of the ease of maintaining proper ''dosing'' of detergent. The scent was fantastic and fresh! After using a sample, I would definitely consider using Tide Pods with Febreeze in the future. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(178, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The size, performance, and scent is good overall. However, I find that Tide products are normally more expensive than the less expensive brand (Purex). When you are doing may loads per week, it does add up. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find the Tide Liquid Pods with Fabreze Botanical Rain very easy to use. I liked the Botanical Rain Fragrance as well. I would purchase this Product in the future. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods with Febreeze are a wonderful product, they always make my clothes come clean beautifully and leave them smelling amazing ! I will definitely recommend them to friends and family. It's also nice and easy and convenient with no mess from liquid detergent. Good job Tide ! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ive always liked Tide and over many years of doing laundry I always return even when swayed by another brand. Once a Tide user always a Tide user even better now as a pod with Febreze...Thank you (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family and I really like Tide with Febreze. We feel that the product cleaned our clothes thoroughly and left them with a fresh scent. Great job! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very happy with this product. Always used Tide so this is another good product from them. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very happy with this product. Tide pods smelt great and did a decent job cleaning my clothes. I decided not to switch from my current favourite as tide pods coat a lot more than what I use currently (gain) (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just tried a free sample of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze from Home Tester Club. The same cleaning power of other products within the Tide range but now with a delectable new scent of Febreze. I am impressed with the long lasting freshness along with quality cleaning power. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoyed the ease of use and the scent of my Tide Liquid Pod with Febreeze Botanical Rain. My clothes came out smelling fresh and clean. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are a very convenient way to add soap to your laundry. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with febreeze smells fantastic and it cleans my clothes really well! Tide pods are very convenient to use and there is no mess like there is with powders or liquid. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are great, long lasting sent and smells great (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze sample smells great. Clothes came out clean and smelling fresh (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Tide Liquid Pods with Febreeze from Home Tester Club. This product was easy to use and had a fresh scent. My clothes were clean and fresh smelling. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are a great laundry product. It gets out stains that I thought would never come out. The scents of this product are an added bonus. I find it gives my regular detergent an extra boost of cleaning power. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Tide...Love Febreeze....Love pods... What more can I ask for. Tried it and loved it. On my shopping list.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods worked good for me. They smelled nicely and would be convenient for an on the go situation like laundromats :-) (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This was a great product. I like how easy it was to use. The scent after was breathtaking. I loved smelling my cotes while wearing them. I loved this product and it been a Tide product a product that brings back many childhood memories as this was all my mother ever used. I would recommend it to everyone. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(172, 176, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked the sample I received of the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze in the Botanical Rain scent. I have always loved the Tide Brand and find it works well to clean my families clothing. This Tide product is nice as it cleans very well like the original tide, but the Febreze scent really made our cloths smell nice. It lasted for days after using it on the sheets that I washed. I also like pods in my home as people in my home doing laundry tend to use too much soap witch cost more money and is hard on their cloths. With the pods, the right amount of osap is used and I can keep that extra money in my pocket! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(44, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide Liquid Pods with Fabreze and found the scent was long lasting. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was hesitant to use the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze as I am allergic to Tide Powdered laundry detergent but the liquid did not seem to bother me the same way. I used on my bed sheets and they were nice and soft and smelled very nice. I would definately recommend this item to my friends and family. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze left a long-lasting fresh scent on my laundry days after they were washed. I normally use a brand that is known for their fresh scent however Tide Liquid Pods had a cleaner, stronger scent. The pods were faster and easier than liquid detergent. With the pods, I was able to clean the same amount of laundry with less product when compared to liquid detergent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical trying the Tide Pods as I have not always liked Tide products in the past. They however changed my opinion and did a fantastic job. I will most likely by these sometime in the future. They smell great too. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods Plus Febreze left my laundry a lot fresher than my current detergent! I was very pleased with the botanical rain scent and it's also covenient to simply pop the pods in the washer.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('However as much as i love Tide, the pods I feel are not as great as the actual detergent. Sometimes it doesnt wash away in the water and its left on my clothing.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods + febreze laundry detergent is an amazing product, really practical and efficient, leave your clothes looking like new.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is my favourite detergent and I like the fragrance of this product. I also like the pods as I have three men who all do laundry so I know they are getting the right amounts with the pods.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and the smell. This kind has a nice scent and works well!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are quick and easy to use, and not near as messy as normal liquid detergent.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Convenient products but not any better than most products of the same type.I find Tide to be a good quality but is very overpriced.', {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would recommend Tide Pods for anyone with tough laundry because it truly works .', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide never disappoints! I throw in a little bit of vinegar in the wash as well and the clothes come out smelling ever better! No build up either :)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My parents use Tide since it foams well I'd like if they'd make an eco-friendly/biodegradable line, e.g. essential oils, or something soft on allergies as Febreeze's fragrance-free product.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There is nothing more than a mom loves than a product that makes life a little bit easier. I used the Tide Pods plus Febreze and love the results. My kiddos clothes came out stain free and smelled wonderful and with two small kids stain free clothing almost never happens. I didn't have to pre-treat any thing and didn't have to rewash because of it. I normally use scent free detergent because I'm not a fan of the overly fake and obnoxiously strong smell. Although I wasn't able to tell what the scent was like before using since it was in a pod, the clothes came out of the dryer smelling rather pleasant. I'm not really sure what botanical mist really smells like but I will say that the scent on my clothes, especially my towels, was light and clean smelling. The smell was not overly fake or potent and the smell as lasted for more than a few minutes after taking them out of the wash. I really liked the convince of the pod and would recommend this product to anyone, especially mommies! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(102, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thanks Tide.....My clothes smell like they were just washed yesterday even though it was washed a few days ago...and left in the washer over night. The best thing is the smell. So calming like a misty morning on a hot day. Definitely will consider buying again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my first time ever using the Tide pods+febreze Botanical mist. I was amazed how easy it was to do my laundry,and how well it clean my clothes,you just throw in the pod no need to measure how much soap u need. It also has the 4 in 1 botanical which is the detergent,stain remover,brightener,and long lasting freshness. You wouldn't think that a little thing would do so much but it does. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have been using Tide Pods with Febreze for the past month and it has been great. I have used the liquid detergent before and really liked it, what makes the pods better is the practicality. They take no space in my laundry room, which is small so for me that is very important, also there isn't any mess you just put them in the drum and it's ready to go. Very satisfied. my only problem it's the price when you put everything pen to paper, the liquid detergent comes out cheaper. The ones I've been using I got from Influenster as a sample in my VoxBox. But I would still strongly recommend. It does an excellent job!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods are so much easier than using liquid or powder especially because you don't want to put too little or too much I can add just three or four and get the wash started usually with liquid i try to mix it all around. the new Tide pods plus Febreze smells so much better those are definitely my favorite brands combined and i love it. it works good for whites and brights. The ONE problem I will have to say is after the wash some of the liquid is stuck on some clothes and i have to put it through to wash again. Aside from that I am happy to have received Tide pods free from influenster for testing purposes, I wouldn't let that little problem ruin from me buying these since i have a washer at home. It may be annoying to others that go to the laundromat and have to wash the goo off in the sink or rewash the item.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide clean my clothes deeply. This is the first time that I tried the Tide pods and I like the long lasting freshness. I like the scent in my clothes. It is easy to wash and you dont waste detergent because they have the perfect amount inside.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Tide Pods plus Febreeze complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster. As a busy performer who travels frequently, laundry can get get put on the back burner. Tide Pods with Febreeze are great for travel and ease of laundry - throw one in and voila! You're done. They pack nicely and help when I am in an extended stay in my holiday villa.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Tide Pods Plus Febreze in my complimentary XOVoxbox from Influenster and was pretty pleased with the results. The products sent by Influenster and related companies are for testing and review purposes only. I love the long lasting, fantastic scent but make sure your laundry load isn't so big that the pods can't disperse. No big deal, just did the rinse cycle one more time. I would buy these again though, for sure. I'm a fan!", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide is a great product was super-excited to receive this sample. When I tossed the first pod into the wash, I could immediately smell the fresh scent. When I pulled my clothes out of the dryer, the fresh scent was gone. :( I was so disappointed! For my second load, I decided to really put this laundry detergent to the test. My son's sweaty, dirty workout clothes...ew! This time, I was not disappointed. The clothes didn't smell like Febreeze, but they did smell fresh and clean. I will be make the switch to Tide PODS Plus Febreze!", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received a sample of Tide Pods Plus Febreeze for free from Influenster- but all opinions are my own! I was a little nervous to try this product out as I usually use unscented laundry products. The tide pods smell great without being overpowering. In the past I have steered clear of pod laundry detergents after having some leave greasy residue on my clothes, but did not have this problem with Tide Pods Plus Febreeze- my clothes came out clean and smelling fresh! The scent was noticeable on my clothes when I went to wear them.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide PODS Plus Febreze get my clothes clean and it smells great. The Febreze smell lasts nearly a week and in pleasant and not too overpowering. I received this product for free, but the opinion is my own.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Tide Liquid Pods with Fabreze as a free sample. it exceeded my expectation. it washes super clean and clear leaving a pleasant smell. it takes care of the hassle of measuring detergents in powder or liquid. it delivered on its claims. i love it (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really liked the simplicity of the Tide Pods with Fabreeze. Very easy to pop one in the machine and let it do it's magic. Smells great and lasted a week! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Tide pod as a sample through Home Tester Club and liked it a lot. It cleaned my clothes really well and left a light, clean scent that was not too overpowering. I definitely appreciate that I can pop one thing into the washer and not have to worry about adding extras to remove stains and add scent. I have since purchased the product because I really enjoy the convenience and cleaning ability. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Febreeze are convenient and easy to use. Just throw and you are ready to go. The scent though for me was too intense. I like softer smells. All in all a good product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods cleaned my laundry great with a nice scent that kept my clothes fresh through out the day. The pods disinegrate very well while doing a load of laundry. Nothing left behind in the washer. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods with Febreze are great. Clothes seemed brighter and cleaner. Removed some tough stains from my child's clothing. Very easy to use. Just toss one in. No more measuring. Do not have to worry about using more detergent than you need. No more wasting detergent. No more spilling. The smell of Febreze was very faint, almost not even there. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide liquid pods with febreze , they are very easy to use I love how clean looking ,feeling ,and how nice my clothes smell, I would defently would recommend it . (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs are now my favorite detergent. For some reason I thought that you could not use then on front facing machines. Glad that I was wrong. I used two for a huge color load I had to wash and super excited how clean my clothes came out. In terms of scent, while the clothes were wet they all smelled lovely and clean. After I dried them only the items that were an acrylic blend still had a noticeable Febreze scent. None of my 100 cotton clothes had a strong scent. I was looking forward to toasty warm and clean smelling clothes. I guess actually clean clothes are better than just smelling clean. I guess I wish the scent lingered more. I also loved that there was no residue on the clothes after they were washed. That is something I have been having an issue with using other detergents, a soapy tacky feel to the clothes. The Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs do not leave residue behind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely LOVE these tide pods! They make my clothes smell great for long time!! They clean my clothes so well! My whole laundry room smelled great while the clothes were running. I do feel like they are a bit pricey but I think it Is worth it! I used this Tide pods a couple of times now and I really liked it. The smell was pleasant and fresh. I didn't use it for clothes with hard stains yet, but I washed our regular laundry with this. It was so easy to use, just pop the pods with laundry and start the washer. It gave our clothes a clean and nice fresh scent. Overall, loved this product and I would definitely recommend anyone to try it. GOTITFORFREE TIDEPODS BZZAGENT This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(260, 264, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've seen and heard of similar products before but never tried them until I received the Tide pods and Febreeze packet rough BzzAgent. Apart from being thrilled that I got to wash a few loads for free, I was also intrigued as to how successful these loads would be compared to my usual liquid detergent. I've been very particular about using dye-free detergent for sensitive skin for years, as I used to have allergic reactions to other kinds of detergent. And since we have small children at home, I've gotten used to using this type of detergent so it wouldn't irritate their skin. I was skeptical and a bit hesitant to try this product, worried that one or more members of my family would have an adverse reaction to it. I was also rather skeptical regarding the effectiveness of a pre-measured pod-- what's the most use I can get out of it in a load without compromising the quality of the results Lastly, I was interested to see how it compared to our usual liquid detergent and if it would merit spending the extra money for these more expensive pods. In the end, the only way to satisfy my curiosity was to test the pods and see how much I could get out of them. And I am proud to say that none of them provoked any kind of adverse skin reaction on anyone in my family-- not necessarily what I would have expected. I definitely pushed the limits on load size to see how worthwhile these pods would be compared to being able to measure liquid detergent, and I thought each load came out very well. If it didn't clean our clothes as effectively, I couldn't tell. (Which was a relief because I wouldn't have wanted to have to re-wash those loads). Obviously, the convenience of simply throwing a pod in vs. measuring liquid was nice, though I don't know if I would pay extra for that luxury at this point. I must say, I may actually go out and buy more of the Febreeze packets, because my laundry smelled AMaZING after using it! The scent was definitely stronger after the wash than after the dryer, but I don't normally use scented freshened and it was definitely nice to use, at least once in a while. While my experience with the Tide pods was overall positive, I didn't think that the product wow-ed me enough to warrant a switch to this more expensive product when my family is already on a tight budget. The inconvenience of measuring liquid detergent can also be a plus in being able to alter amounts to match load sizes. What I will say, though, is that I would probably use this product when my kids are learning to do their laundry themselves, especially if I decide to teach them when they're a little bit younger. I would definitely pay extra to not have to worry about my kids spilling or accidentally ingesting detergent when all they would have to do is throw in s prepackaged pod instead. No mess, no worries. I give this product 4 stars simply because it would be more expensive for me to switch to this product, and I'm not looking to expand my budget when I already use a product that's just as effective. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love how easy it was to start a load of laundry. I didn't have to mess with measuring liquid or making sure I got enough soap in to wash our clothes clean. I just popped in a Pod and off I went. I don't know why I was measuring before, but I know that I will continue to use Tide Pods until they stop making them! The only thing I didn't like was the smell of the botanical rain. Which is fine because I went and bought the free and clear in the Tide Pods and I absolutely love them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(277, 281, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide in the past and I have to say it is a good product. I liked the smell of this particular one and you just drop it in and start the water. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm always iffy with Tide but this tide pod made me not so worried about my clothes! Maybe not the febreeze smell but good job. Might buy some. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my first experience with pods. I was surprised by how squishy and delicate they are in my hands. For some reason, I expected them to be harder and tougher. No idea why! That being said, you must handle them with dry hands, otherwise, you could easily rip them open and be left with a mess. The Tide Pods are easy to use-- just throw them in with your load of laundry. No measuring in the little cup, or a sticky mess. The scent was quite strong and I found myself sniffing my clothes. I usually use a non-scented and dye-free detergent, so I noticed a huge difference in the way my clothes smelled. Everything came out clean and fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(302, 306, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this as a sample from Influenster and am in love! I previously used gain, but this Tide product actually has a more lasting scent! I wish there was one that was sensitive on little guys! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(94, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My boyfriend and I have the same debate weekly...how much laundry detergent to use. We are liquid detergent folks. The powdered stuff leaves streaks on the dark colors. If you use the little cup that comes with the liquid stuff then you have to rinse it or else you have a gooey mess. Then there are 36 lines (okay, maybe 3) on the cup. Which one do I use for a medium load of clothes Who decides what a medium load is anyway My definition of medium was far different than the boyfriend's. Go figure! He once put so much detergent in a small load of clothes that I had to rinse them three times to get the suds out. These Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical Mist are no fuss and take the guess work out of measuring detergent. No messy cup to rinse. And, oh my, the scent is refreshing! After a week of sitting in the linen closet the towels smelled fresh and pleasant. I would definitely buy these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(622, 626, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently went on a trip to Mexico to visit my grandmother. She lives in a town that is still being built so no paved roads. You know what that means.... All the light clothes I took for my daughter to wear was dirty beyond saving, or so I thought. When we came back home I had this lovely BzzAgent box on my table. I decided I'd give Tide pods a try for just my child's clothes. I didn't have to measure detergent amounts or softener. I just tossed the little squishy pod in the drum added said filthy clothes and went on my merry way to the dishes (also filthy). After my load of laundry was done I inspected every article of clothing because everyone knows if there's a stain it's better not to dry it. To my amazement nothing was stained anymore. Not even the white little capris she looks so adorable in. The stain fighter alone won me over although I will say the scent was not my favorite. To each his own because my daughter loved it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(336, 340, 'PRODUCT')]})
('They scent was great,my clothes came out smelling so fresh! Also I loved the cleaning power of the Tide Pods. They are definitely something I would use for more soiled loads like work clothes or the kids stuff also This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think that this is the best product to date I have ever used. The refreshing blast of everlasting scent blew me away! Besides that it totally cleaned my clothes spotless! I am so impressed with this free sample I received from BZZ Agent I went out the next day and bought 3 of them so I can keep my families clothes fresh to the max and clean. Thank you Tide BzzAgent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(356, 360, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods with Febreze and as soon as I opened the package I was hooked. The smell is amazing so I knew my clothes would smell wonderful. My clothes not only smelled amazing they were super clean. I have never used the Tide Pods before, but am now hooked. Can't wait to share how great they are. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Tide with frebreeze is so awesone! love the way it makes my clothes smell and feel soft. could there be other fagrence', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the sample and tried it the very same day. I love Tide but was completely floored with the scent and performance of this little pod. I typically use Tide liquid, but have since switched. I have told all my family, friends and coworkers about it. I'm very impressed! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(61, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of this product.I dont normally use Tide but will definitely look into buying more of this particular one because it smells so good', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used my sample of Tide pods to wash a blanket and a quilt that was incredibly dirty from my dog lying on it and it it while he was wet, smelly and dirty. I was convinced that the stains were well set, and didn't expect it to be completely clean. I was pleasantly surprised when the quilt came out with every stain GONE - the whites were bright and white again - the colours were clean and vibrant - and the quilt smelled great. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My grown son still brings his laundry over every week for me to wash. I love using the Tide pods with febreze. My son's clothes come out of my washer and dryer looking and smelling so clean. Tide is and will always be the detergent I use with every load I wash!!", {'entities': [(87, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide PODS since they were released, and the new scent with Febrile is so nice . I really like the performance it cleans my clothes and sheets beautifully and leaves a nice fresh and clean scent. I would recommend this product to anyone! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have previously used Tide products, all of which I loved, and I came across the Tide Pods plus Febreze and discovered that I love this specific detergent more than any other detergents I have used.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The one time use saves time and you dont have to remember to add you softener. My clothers smell great, and I know this because people ask me what i use. I tell them that the Tide pods are the besst product, and the time savings and stain removal are just a bonus This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(175, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods have made doing laundry that much easier! I have used Tide for year and was excited to try this new version of their product. I have used it to wash everything from normal weekday washings to washing dog towels and kids sportswear. Now, rather than having to measure a cap full of Tide, I can easily toss in a pod - making doing laundry that much easier :) I received and tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain and it was amazing I washed a load of my 7 months old child with stains from leaked diapers It came out so clean and bright. normally I would have used bleach and wash them twice to get the stains out, but with Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain I did not need bleach. The clothes were so clean and I love the smell afterwards A little went a long way Thanks bzzagent. Would definitely purchase the bigger size. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist so much that I immediately bought a new package to start using them on a regular basis! They were very easy to use and smelled great. I was concerned about them being more expensive than my regular laundry detergent, but - at least at the time that I compared pricing - they were actually very comparable per load to the liquid detergent that I usually use. So, all-in-all, if I'm not spending more money, I much prefer the ease and convenience of the pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The scent of Tide with febreze is amazing. Some people might think cmon its only laundry detergent. Yes! A laundry detergent that smells beyond amazing!! The fragrance lasts for days after the wash leaving the clothes smelling as if they just came out of the dryer. I have always been a Gain girl, but Tide with febreze has definitely got me wanting more. The pods are interesting as well, it seems wrong to throw something so pretty into the water but watching the pod turn into bubbles is quite entertaining. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved Tide detergent line for years now, and I also loved using Febreze products. So to see Tide and Febreze join together was just brilliant! Why didn't they think of this sooner Tide PODS plus Febreze botanical mist are not only convenient and easy to use, they smell fantastic! It makes you feel as if your at a tropical paradise. The scent is not too overwhelming either. It makes doing laundry more enjoyable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has become my favorite laundry product. FIrst the savings. Always special offers and discounts. Then the product itself. The ease of use, the fresh scent, especially with the febreeze added. Most important it works to keep my clothes white and stain free.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved trying the Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical Mist product. I washed up all of the blankets to put them away and loved smelling their fresh, clean smell. I walked in the closet several days later and loved that the scent stays in the air for a good long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got these Tide Pods for free as part of a product review website. I felt that they cleaned my clothes really well and left them smelling extra fresh. That freshness lasts for a long time too! Its been over a week and each time I get one of the clothes I washed with the Tide Pods out of the closet or drawer, they smell as if they were just washed! Its a breath of fresh air each time I put my clothes on. I would recommend these to anyone who wants clean, fresh smelling clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of using The Tide Pod. No measuring and or spills. I love the gentle scent from Febreze. My white came out so beautiful. I would definitely recommend Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze to all my Family and Friends. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods Plus Febreze is very convenient and keeps my laundry clean and fresh!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample from home tester club for free and used it right away. Tide is my usual and trusted brand , it's the only laundry detergent I use for my household. the new Tide pods with febreze not only have the most pleasant smell but also an amazing cleaning power. I recomend this product to friends and family. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze to be very easy and convenient to use. I love the scent and felt good knowing that it was Tide cleaning my clothes. It was very simple to use without any messes or spills. I have since bought this product and will continue to buy this product in the future. It is definitely worth the price. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i tried Tide Liquid Pods w/ Febreze when I got my sample, I was a little skeptical. I usually use liquid detergent only. but i was amazed at how this little pod got our clothes so clean, and fresh smelling. its tiny, but its mighty! I have tried other brands, and never have I been so satisfied as I have been with Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze. the Febreze is an added bonus! The scent lasts way longer than other brands, and I am extremely happy and now, a fan! I have already purchased this product and will recommend it to all of my friends!! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide pods are an excellent product. The scent lingers for days after my wash has been completed and I'm find that all of my stains are cleaned.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods get the stink out of my hot yoga workout gear and leave everything soft. It's a great product, but expensive, even considering everything that comes in a pod.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this pod on a particularly stinky load of laundry, and it came out of the dryer smelling FANTASTIC (without using a dryer sheet). Loading the detergent was fabulously easy, just had to throw the pod into the washer. I've used other detergents in the past, but always come back to Tide, because nothing cleans my clothes as well. It's just worth the little extra that it costs. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(287, 291, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the Tide Pods plus Febreze my clothes smell so good I can't stop smelling my self these are amazing little things.My clothes never smelled so good but not only does the Tide pod plus Febreze make your laundry smell amazing it gets the dirt grim and sweat out so they clean your laundry as well. At first I was skeptical about the idea of using pods because I didn't know how well they would clean my laundry and if the fresh detergent smell would last but now after having the chance to try them for free thanks to BzzAgent pods are all I'm going to use for my laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I liked how simple and easy this product was to use. Not to mention how soft and fresh my clothes came out to be after the wash. Great job Tide!', {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Tide Pods with Febreeze! They are super easy to use, just toss them in the machine before loading clothes, towels or bedding. That's it! They clean the clothes just as you'd expect a Tide product to do, but the bonus is in the Febreeze Botanical Mist sent. The items you are washing are infused with this beautiful fragrance that lasts! I washed my towels and bedding in them, and my husband (who never notices anything) commented on how nice our bed smelled after the wash! A true win! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've enjoyed using these Pods! I'd always hesitated to try Pods, thinking no way could they clean my children's clothing. Boy did they! After trying it free as a Bzz Agent, I've changed my mind! Tide won a new customer for life! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(195, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So let me clarify, I haven't been a huge fan of Tide in past times but I'm not a big fan of Febreeze but holy guacamole these things are brilliant. I dropped one in my laundry a few days ago and took them out smelling SO perfect. This is the best of both worlds: the smell is delicious and it gets them clean. Win-win! I adore these and will continue using them. Disclaimer: I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.", {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this new Tide product. The Fabreze is absolutely perfect for Tide's great cleaning power, I have used it for most of my adult life and would never trade in my Tide. I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't used Tide in a while, but will definitely be buying this. My clothes looked great, but the best part was how good they smelled. Love this! I received samples of this for free and this is my opinion.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received my tide pods as a promotion and I instantly fell in love. No more measuring detergent or worrying that you've over done it or accidentally forgetting to cap it and dropping it everywhere. Tide pods are easy to use and effective. Best of all they work with high efficiency washers which is great! Overall 2 thumbs up!", {'entities': [(199, 203, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods not only smell wonderful, but are super easy. With a busy schedule, it is easy to pop a pod in and know that it will work, and provide great results for your clothing. What I noticed most was the great scent. I will continute to use these.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these tide pods, Its easy and cuts down the time when I have to do laundry. I also LOVE the scent of these Tide PODS.Great Product, really great for busy moms.', {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods! They are so easy to use for a college girl on the go like me! And I always feel like school washers smell funny after a wash but these Pods make me feel so fresh and clean and I love the smell they give my laundry - and they last! I am so glad Influenster and Tide gave me a chance to try these for free because now I've found my next laundry fave!", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods have made doing laundry that much easier! I have used Tide for year and was excited to try this new version of their product. I have used it to wash everything from normal weekday washings to washing dog towels and kids sportswear. Now, rather than having to measure a cap full of Tide, I can easily toss in a pod - making doing laundry that much easier :) I received and tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Oh my goodness.. Let me tell you I don't know anyone that doesn't LOVE to smell amazing when you take a shower do your hair and put your clothes on. When you smell so good you don't even need that body spray or perfume... When you know even if you go out in the humdity and sweat you are still going to smell as good as when you left the house. Well these new TidePodsPlusFebrezeDetergentPacs are the way to go. I was offered to try this ForFree from Tide and I took them up on the offer of course but, I have always been skeptical about Pods I felt how can this little piece of plastic clean my clothes There is not enough detergent in there to keep my clothes fresh... They won't have that amazing out of the washer smell or the stains won't be gone.. I was VERY skeptical, So when I got my TidePodsPlusFebreze I smelt the pod and was wowed at how good it smelled but, still my skepticism was there. So I did my first load of clothes and when they finished washing I smelt them and was blown away at how good they smelt.. but, the question was after I dried them will they still smell good I dried my clothes but, didn't have a chance to take them out of the dryer so my daughter went to the dryer to pick up her jeans I just washed and she shouted Mommy did you wash our clothes with perfume, I thought for a second and I said Of course not so she came running into me and said smell these mommy I smelt them and I was in AWE of how amazing they smelt. The smell is so perfect, the stains were gone from my little's shirts, I just pulled a shirt out of my drawer that I washed with these pods last week and it STILL smells amazing. I am so happy that I got to try these pods, there was no residue in my washer, my clothes were not static out of the dryer and best of all the clothes smell just as fresh until the end of the day! This product is FABULOUS and the best part there is No liquid detergent mess all over the top of the washer!!!! I will forever use my TidePodsPlusFebrezeDetergentPacs ThanksTide GotItFree LOVETHEM SmellsAmazing This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(360, 364, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thanks to BzzAgent, I am trying this product for free and this was my first experience with this particular version of Tide. I am partial to Pods because of the convenience - we all need laundry to be as quick and painless as possible, right Even better when the product can smell great, to leave your spirits feeling a bit lifted. Even the drudgery of folding clothes is made better by this product, because the lasting, pleasant scent of Tide and Febreze continues to please - and the smell lasts - not in a thick, coying way but in a pleasant way that I can tolerate all day long! And, of course, the quality - Tide is one of the best products on the market in terms of cleaning power, and Febreze in terms of smelling power or rather, cancelling out BAD smells - together, this is a great duo that I will continue to use! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I usually use tide with febreze liquid detergent for my clothes so these tide pods were right up my alley. My first reaction was that the Pods are bright colored and fun looking not that it matters haha but it was just my first observation. Then i used them as the package directs by putting them in the bottom of the washer then load the clothes on top. When i opened my washer after the cycle was complete the smell was very strong but not in a bad way. It filled my laundry room with the botanical rain scent and it was very nice. After drying the clothes still had a nice smell but it wasn't so strong which was good. Tide always does a great job cleaning clothes and it never dulls your clothing like some cheaper brands do and these pods didn't fall short of that trend either. overall I am impressed with the tide pods and I would buy them for my family's clothing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(622, 626, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i have used Tide in the past but I am a die hard Gain fan due to it's fresh, clean scent. This new Tide Pod + Febreeze intrigued me due to the fact that it was Tide plus Frebreeze. I am also a big fan of Febreeze and spray it on anything I can to freshen up my house. I had sprayed Febreeze on my clothes previously to get rid of unwanted scents but now I would be infusing it in my clothes in order to actively repel odors as opposed to get rid of them after the fact. Right after washing and drying my clothes I noticed my clothes smelled very fresh and clean, just as much as my Gain. The next day I wore my clothes to work and despite many strong odors that come through my office during the day, my coworkers noticed how fresh my clothes smelled and continued to smell. At the end of the day my clothes still smelled fresh and I didn't have remove any odors before going to dinner that night because the Febreeze had already repelled it! Another plus to this product is that it is a pod and I am always a fan of pods. There is less mess in the laundry room and it is super convenient to just throw it in the wash without having to measure. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always loved Tide, but thanks to BzzAgent sending me an awesome sample, I got to try out Tide Pods + Febreeze in Botanical Rain scent. This is not something I would have normally purchased, but now that I've used it I'm a fan. These pods are so convenient to just toss it in the washer with no messy measuring. Not only are they easy to use, they also smell wonderful! Who doesn't love fresh laundry I washed a load of towels with this, and 4 days later I can still smell the freshness when I pass by the towel closet. Amazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm already a Tide user, but I've never used Tide PODS before. Tide PODS with Febreze does a better job at cleaning than just the regular Tide detergent. It gets even the toughest stains out without having to use a stain pre-treater. The Febreze Botanical Mist scent is a scent that leaves clothes smelling fresh and clean. I will definitely start using the Tide PODS over the regular detergent. I give it a thumbs up!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely loved using the Tide +Febreeze pods. It makes laundry so easy to do. Literally place the pod in the drum, add your clothes, walk away, and prepare yourself for clothes that smell like heaven! These 4 in 1 pods contain detergent, stain remover, brightener, and long lasting freshness! No more struggling to carry in detergent, AND stain remover from the car, these pods have everything you need! Pods are a little more expensive than your regular laundry detergent, but in my opinion you really get your money's worth! These can be found in the laundry aisle at most mass retailers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think the Tide Pods are great. I can do laundry now without taking a big heavy bottle of laundry detergent, fabric softner and pre treater with me to do laundry. The Tide Pods have an incredible stain lifter that works great and the Febreze Botanical Mist last for days at keeping your clothes smelling like that they were just cleaned. I know people can be unsure of trying new products but after talking with them about it, they all agreed that Tide has always had an excellent reputation and that by combining Tide with a stain lifter and febreze they would try it for themselves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide with febreze is my new favorite clothes soap.. Tide gets clothes so clean... I always trust tide...and febreze is the only odor eliminator company I like. Putting the two together is just perfect! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm already a Tide user, but I've never used Tide PODS before. Tide PODS with Febreze does a better job at cleaning than just the regular Tide detergent. It gets even the toughest stains out without having to use a stain pre-treater. The Febreze Botanical Mist scent is a scent that leaves clothes smelling fresh and clean. I will definitely start using the Tide PODS over the regular detergent. I give it a thumbs up!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got to use the Tide Pods and Febreze Botanical mist on some laundry I was doing that just so happened to contain my bed sheets. I love tide and febreze as separate products so I wasn't really expecting them to fail me combined and I wasn't wrong. My clothes and sheets came out soft and smelling fantastic. I couldn't have asked for a better project and wish I had known about this amazing duo earlier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked these it got my kids clothing clean and fresh and bright the smell was not over powering at all and It stayed fresh for days they are really easy to use just pop one in and your done no measuring or spillage here I did not even use a fabric softener and the came out smelling great. I received a sample from BzzAgent of Tide GotItFree and I am defiantly going to buy more of these I love them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(335, 339, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the smell of these! The Tide pods did an excellent job on cleaning my clothes it got rid of super old stains and even made my clothes softer and the scent is so wonderfully refreshing and it lasts a long time. Every time I open my closet I can still smell it which is nice because I've never had a detergent before that has a smell that lasted. I like the Tide pods so much I actually went out and bought some after using the sample I think it's probably one of the better detergents I've ever used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Tide Pods. The weather is warming up and my children are getting dirtier. They play outside more and enjoy messier snacks. My daughter got a red juice stain on her shirt. Her stains usually turn brown instead of completely coming out. I like the Tide Pods because her shirt came out completely clean and smelling great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have found my new laundry detergent! It is Tide PODS with Febreze. They smell amazing and leave my laundry so fresh and pleasant. They are super easy to use as well. Just add one to the load of laundry and that's it! No need to measure out soap or put it in a dispenser. My 5 year old can do laundry now! Or at least help me out with it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist worked fantastically well! I have well water and sometimes laundry can be a real chore. I have used other products that have cleaned my laundry but it still doesn't smell clean or sometimes my laundry would come out smelling clean but there would be lots of stains left behind. With being a mom of four children and usually a few extras I don't have the time to be constantly prepping and washing/rewashing my laundry. I used my free sample of Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist in a random load of laundry and I was very impressed. The pod itself looks smaller than the amount of soap i had been using so I was a bit skeptical, but hey, it was free why not try it!! I am so glad I did. It was so easy. I threw the pod in with the laundry and let Tide and my washing machine do the rest. My laundry came out smelling so fresh and I saw no stains! Yay! I am hooked! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think this is one of the better products I tried. Already being a liquid Tide detergent user, I really didn't expect much of a difference when I tried the PODS Plus Febreeze. For anyone out there thinking plain old liquid detergent is just as good---I think you should definitely give these a try! It was nice not having to measure out the liquid, secretly wondering if I'm using too little or too much...never REALLY knowing. All you have to do with these PODS is pop 'em in with the clothes and start your machine. SO EASY! No GUESSING GAME! And my clothes still come out amazingly clean thanks to the awesome power of Tide. The added febreeze makes it all the better, because when they come out of the dryer, they not only smell CLEAN but heavenly. Tide and Febreeze are a match made in heaven....and I'm definitely a believer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods with Febreze combine two trusted names with equal result...you get the clean from Tide you have come to expect and appreciate and the odor elimination and gentle scent Febreze is known for...without compromising on either. Plus, no more measuring two separate products! The convenience and result have convinced me...I'll be a loyal user from now on:-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide PODS Plus Febreze work amazing! Got all the stains out of my husband's clothes. They also smell so good, better than original scent. I love the ease of them. Not having to measure out the soap. Just throw it in the wash with your clothes and you are done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("FOR ME THEY'RE REALLY GOOD ! LEAVES MY CLOTHES SMELLING GOOD CLEANS IT AND MY CLOTHES LOOKS BETTER THAN WITH OTHER LAUNDRY DETERGENT ! I LOVE MYTide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs BY THE WAY GOTITFREE BY BZZAGENT This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(144, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain made my clothes smell the best! I don't know how I never knew about this product before! My family is in love with Tide already but now have a new scent we are addicted too! Thank you so much for the newest addition to the Tide family! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Out of my free laundry detergent and freshner samples, Tide has to be my favorite!!! Having 2 toddlers gets a little messy, and with Tide pods I noticed a complete difference in our laundry!!! Clothes were brighter, cleaner, stain free, and smelled absolutely AMAZING!!! Not only will I invest to buy more, but I will definitely let friends and family know it is out 1 choice in laundry detergent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I come from a family that uses nothing hut powdered Tide, I evolved to use the less messy liquid Tide. But now that I have FINALLY tried the Tide Pods, I am hooked. I can't wait to go buy a tub. My regular liquid doesn't smell the same anymore. Very convenient, with way less mess and trouble than the liquid. Still great cleaning power and smells even better with the addition of Febreeze. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the Tide pods with febreeze! They made the clothes so incredibly soft. The smell was amazing and lasted for days!!! I've never loved a laundry cleaner before. I went out and bought mire instantly. I did not enjoy the Downy fresh protectant. I thought it had a terrible smell. I actually rewashed that load, with the Tide pods with febreeze! ) The Gain flings weren't bad but are nothing in comparison to the Tide pods. They didn't do anything special. I didn't notice a change in softness or a good smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was my first time using laundry detergent pods and I loved them! The Tide Pods were very convenient with no mess at all. It was nice to not have to heft the heavy detergent bottle and deal with the mess in the cap and running down the side of the bottle. I was worried the scent of the Tide pods plus febreze botanical mist would be too strong, but it was not. The scent was light, but stayed with the clothes (even my workout clothes). Days after using the Tide pods, I went to the store to purchase them. Unfortunately, when I saw that I got 24 less washes for the same price of the liquid detergent, I did not purchase them. I was very disappointed. I just can't justify spending that much more on laundry detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist delivers!! The convenience of a pod combined with the cleaning power you expect from Tide PLUS the awesomely fresh scent of Febreze Botanicals! It's the ultimate in laundry care. I tossed one pod into my front loading washer with huge load of stinky boys clothes and the results were fantastic thoroughly washed clothes with a bright clean scent that lasted for days. I went right out to purchase! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain smell so fresh. For anyone how never used detergent pacs for laundry, you are in for a treat. They are so easy to use no measuring or lifting heavy detergent bottles. I will never buy liquid detergent ahain This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these Tide Pods + febreze. Not only do they get my laundry clean, my laundry smells AMAZING! What really is important to me though, is that my laundry stays smelling fresh from dryer to the day I put it on. Tide Pods + febreze did just that. I even had someone compliment me, saying that I smelled so good, and asked what I was wearing! Definitely will be purchasing Tide Pods + febreze in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think the Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical Mist are awesome because they are so easy to use. Just pop it in the washing machine, load in the laundry and go. Tide Pods give you just the right amount of detergent and cleaned really well leaving a nice fresh scent without a heavy odor. I have kids and pets but this detergent blasted right through the bad smells and stains. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just tried these Tide Pods+ Febreeze Botanical Mist and i am hooked on them. I have always used Tide for my laundry anway and i always use febreeze fabric refresher to keep my clothes smelling clean and fresh. Now they have made two great products in one. You get all the cleaning power of Tide and the great smell of Febreeze in one small little pod. i was skeptical at first of using a pod for doing laundry since i have always used liquid detergent. i didn't think they would really get my laundry as clean as i like, but i was pleasantly surprised to see how well they work. I have already gone out to buy some more . i will be using this product from now on. Thank you for Tide Pods+ Febreeze botanical mist This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide Pods + Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Mist and my clothes came out smelling great. They cleaned all of my clothes great. Tide Pods + Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain does a better cleaning then most products. It will also save money on dryer sheets because the Febreze and Botanical Rain made my clothes smell great. Tide Pods + Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain cleaned my clothes well and left them smelling great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I seriously love tide only thing I will use to wash my clothes. Tide + gain for great smelling clothes and one happy mama! It's easier washing clothes knowing the smell will be utterly fantastic when they're done being washed! I love the fact that they now have tide pods a lot easier and faster and I don't have to worry about any spilling anymore! If they're heavy loads I just throw two pods instead of one and that's it! I love love love it!! I definitely recommend this to anyone who has not tried it yet because you will not regret it!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(64, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love this product. This is not my first rodeo, however. I am no stranger to Tide, but I usually purchase Tide Sport and use on my husband's military uniform after he gets aircraft fuel and hydraulic fluid all over his clothes. It is the only product that removes the stains, the grease, and the smell. I have never use pods, but I loved using the pods for washing my daughter's cloth diapers. The detergent is so gentle and cloth diaper safe. It immediately turns green and blue as it releases the cleaning agent. I love seeing that. It is proof that is working. Not only that, but the added febreeze made them smell so good. It, too, was strong enough to spread throughout my whole house. I love febreeze, and I think adding it to Tide was such a great move on their part. I definitely like and approve of this product for washing cloth diapers. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do A LOT of laundry throughout the week. Between a growing family, a smelly dog, and multiple dirty work clothes (most of which come from my plumber husband), laundry seems like a never ending chore in my house. I typically use non-scented Tide detergent. This usually does the trick for me. However, I was definitely down to try something new... and if it involves less work, all the better! This is why I was pleasantly surprised by how easy it was to use the Tide pod. I just threw it in with my clothes (no measuring required, YAY!) and pressed start. That quick... and totally fabulous. Not to mention, the scent was fresh and clean smelling. My clothes really smelled clean and I love wearing them now just for the scent! In fact, I'll now take these scented Pods over the non-scented Tide any day. Up until now, I have been a loyal detergent measurer... but since experiencing Tide Pods + Febreeze Botanical Mist, I have found myself crossing over to the Pod side ). This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(242, 246, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Before trying the Tide Pod + Febreze Botanical Mist, I was a Gain Original gal. I liked to keep it simple when doing laundry. My family's clothes seemed clean enough and they didn't smell bad anymore. In fact, they had no scent at all. Good enough, I thought. I kept it simple and stayed with what I knew because the detergent aisle is overwhelming and we don't have it in our budget to try out detergents to see if they held up to the hype or not. Boy am I glad I was able to try these pods out! My laundry had a soft, amazing, botanical scent. I kept stopping and smelling the clothes as I transferred them from the washer to dryer. Once they were done in the dryer and I folded them, I was very happy with how clean they came out. They felt/looked so clean. There was no fading in the colors. There was no detergent build up. I was so pleased. I will definitely spread the word of these pods and how awesome they are! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Okay I have to start by saying that as a stay at home mom my life revolves around my kids and making sure that they have what they need through out the day. This includes clean clothes but the problem with this is that while trying to balance my daughter on my hip and pour laundry detergent is really difficult. So with Tide Pods+Febreze Botanical Mist I have the ease I need to get laundry done and still take care of my daughter :) No more split detergent, no more using to much detergent , all that I need in one perfect little package! The next best thing about these Tide Pods are the smell :) oh my goodness they smell like a little thing a heaven. This means that no matter how stinky my families clothes are going in...when they come out they smell like a little slice of paradise. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been reluctant to try the laundry pods even since they hit the store shelves. I always have issues with the dishwasher pods not dissolving so I assumed I would have a similar problem. Wow, was I wrong! When you open the Tide Pods Plus Febreze Botanical Mist package you can immediately smell the Botanical Rain scent. I dropped the pod in with the clothes and hit start. I could smell the Botanical Rain scent all through the laundry process, in the washer and then again when the clothes were in the dryer. As I was putting the laundry away I actually held the clothes up to my face to smell my fresh clean clothes. I walked into our bedroom later that day and my room smelled really nice. I know that sounds crazy, but it's been awhile since I found a laundry detergent that our clothes actually held onto the clean scent. The scent was not overpowering which was nice. The Tide PODS Plus Febreze Botanical Mist did a great job at cleaning our clothes. I didn't have any noticeable stains to begin with, but the clothes felt fresh and clean and the colors were bright. I'll definitely be purchasing these in the future and suggest everyone give them a try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(227, 231, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My Tide PODS Plus Febreze came just in time! One of my college kids just returned home with loads and loads of laundry. If you have college students, you know the laundry can pile up, and it can consist of clothes that have been worn several times and thrown in the corner of the dorm, lol. Well, I used the pods on his laundry and I could tell when I removed the loads from the washer that all was going to be ok! The scent is amazing and the clothes came clean with the first wash. After being in the dryer, the clean and refreshing scent was still there but in no way overpowering. I loaded up the ping pong table with the washed and dried clothes, and now the whole basement smells fresh and clean! We love the scent and I love how everything was cleaner and brighter. These are so easy to use, as well, because you just need to throw one in the washer and go - no measuring and no using multiple products to get the same results. These Tide pods are my new heroes! I will be buying these (my other college kid will be home soon), and will 100 be sending these to school with them in the fall. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(3, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My sheets smell so fresh and clean with Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist! The pods are super easy to use (toss in bottom of washer and pronto - you are ready to load!), gentle on my soft sheets and has a long-lasting scent. This picture is from several days ago and my sheets smell like the day I washed them. Each night I go to bed I love smelling the fresh scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide Pods plus Febreze pacs on 2 loads of my everyday work clothes and wow! After taking the clothes out of the washer, I noticed how clean they were and the amazing fresh rain scent! I can still smell the detergent on my clothes in waves today, and they were washed 2 days ago! When I'm due to buy more laundry detergent, I plan on adding this product to my regimen. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("While Tide is not the laundry soap that I use after using these pods I considered changing. I used the Tide pods with my children's clothes and with my bedding. The Tide made the clothes smell so amazing. The product being in a pod form made doing the laundry extremely easy, it is already premeasured portion that includes the febreze. My children's clothes smell great even after them running around and playing all day. My sheets and pillowcases have such a great scent that even thought it has been 4 days since washing them I still enjoy nuzzling into my pillow and smelling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Gain and today I received my Tide Pods from BzzAgent and they are GREAT! My husband works construction so I tested it on his dirty clothes and they came out clean and smelling GREAT! I would definitely buy them in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am the type of person that loves laundry soap that smells good and gets the cleaning job done, so when I got to try the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain I was ready to put them up to the challenge! I washed a load of laundry that had some of my shirts that had some stains , and surprisingly the stains were removed and my clothes were left in wonderful condition! The smell was fabulous! It reminded me of being in a tropical garden in Hawaii or being on vacation on some beautiful island! I couldnt stop sniffing my clothes! The scent also lasts a long time. I loved how easy it was to just toss the Tide POD into the washer, no measuring, or getting messy! LOVE IT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('favorite brand but Tide pods are my brand for washing my clothes.. I love them I only tried them First time from bzz Agent and the best thing is that I got them for free.. Love how they small they leave your clothes clean and fresh for up to days.. I love tide pods This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is my go to product. My clothes always came out with out stains and feeling really fresh and clean but with the Febreze pods they now come smelling amazing. The freshness of the clothes last longer now and the fragant is more pleasant in the closets and drawers which is a plus. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So I tried the Tide Pods with Febreze on a load of towels. The pod was extremely easy to use...I just threw in the drum of the laundry machine and started the machine. My towels smelled great and fresh after being washed and dried. Typically, I use All detergent but I may switch with to Tide because my laundry seemed fresher. My only issue with the Tide Pods is that I have small kids. The two youngest boys were super curious with the pods because of the size and color. Of course, the pods should be no where near the kids. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely loved this product! So easy to use. I loved that you just could drop it in the washer and not have to worry about measuring the right amount of liquid/stain remover/fabric freshener/ etc. One easy step versus two or three and even four! My clothes smelled wonderful. I couldn't stop smelling the freshness! I can't wait to purchase more. I have always loved Tide detergent but I never thought it could get any better. Four products in one is just so simple to use in such a everyday hectic life such as my own. Thank you Tide for inventing this great product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(371, 375, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've never used washing machine pods before, but now that I have, I'm hooked. Especially, the Tide Pods Plus Febreeze. I just used one in a huge laundry load and the clothes came out smelling great. That is hard to achieve in my household with my other soaps they start smelling good and then after drying they don't smell at all. The Tide Pods even after drying make the clothes smell good. I'm impressed. Added bonus they are not messy at all...yay! no more measuring cups. I'm a firm believer and so is the Hubby. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(94, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This weekend I went to do my laundry and I used the Tide Pods + febreze ( which I was very excited to used because I use Febreze everything ) I took my clothes out the washer and it smelt so good and fresh ! I felt like I didnt even need to use a dryer sheet ! I think the Pods are so convenient so you don't pour extra liquid or use powder detergent leaving the clothes soapy or powder left on your clothes after a wash. I highly recommend the Tide Febreze Pods! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods + Febreze were amazing. I always love the smell of fresh laundry out of the washer and also out of the dryer. The scent is pleasant, not too heavy, but not too light. It stays with the clothes for a few days, but does wear off considerably after that. The product is easy to use - no measuring, no mess, no huge heavy bottle to store somewhere. I love Tide Pods + Febreze! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I finally got a chance to try the Tide Pod with Febreze when I washed my sheets. It smelled so good when I opened the package and I am so glad that the scent actually lasted once the laundry was dry! My husband took the sheets out of the dryer and asked what I did different with the laundry because it smelled so good! It's been a few days and my sheets still smell great. I would definitely recommend this product if you want your laundry to smell fresh and clean, but not perfume-y. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I washed my husband work clothes with Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain, I have always liked the tide, so i knew pac's must work great too. And I was right! These are so much better. They work very well on all types of clothing. They smell really great, and they keep your clothes smelling great as well. My family tends to forget to get laundry out of the washer and into the dryer in a timely manner and this product keeps my clothes and towels from getting that musty smell that happens from the wet clothes sitting. It also adds a fresh wonderful scent to all of my laundry. I love the way this product works and it is so simple to use. The only downside is they can be pricey. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('4 in 1 Tide Pods do a great job. You have the detergent, stain remover, brightener and Long lasting freshness. What more can you ask for. Tide Pods great in your wash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was not completely sold on using the pods for the washing machine. Why not quite sure, I use the ones for my dishwasher but I was just not sold on them. I first tried the Tide Pods + Febrile Botanical Mist and I am SOLD! I WILL be purchasing these in the future. I LOVE how great my clothes smelt after the wash! I also noticed that they were just as clean as using regular detergent. I am anxious now for my current detergent to be gone so I can go and purchase these for future washings! Even after them being in the dryer my clothes still smell wonderful! I am so beyond happy with this BuzzAgent Campaign! Another BONUS, my hubby is even thrilled and has mentioned how wonderful our clothes smell! If you want your clothes to smell good this is the product to try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(173, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('GotItFree BzzAgent Tide is my personal fave! It really cleans your clothing and the scent is heavenly! The Pods just make it easier to handle. No fuss, no mess! Try Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs/pods! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fact that it stated it was a 4-in-1. My grandparents use the Tide Pods, but after letting them try a 4-in-1, they are sold. They tend to forget to use a dryer sheet to make their laundry smell fresh, so this product is more convenient. GotItFree TidePods This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When i saw this Bzz Campaign it got my attention right away. Once I received my Bzz Kit I specifically waited for certain items to pile up in our laundry. We live in south FL and being we experience sun, sun and more sun on a daily basis, my kids are usually looking and smelling like a pig pen by the end of the day however my husband's workout and tennis clothes are always the winners in my laundry and disgustingly drenched in sweat....like I don't even want to have to touch them to load the washing machine! I figured his clothes would be the true test for these products. When washing my husband's clothes I normally have to use FOUR things during the wash cycle to get the sweat odor neutralized (the final step is usually white vinegar as my fabric softener!) so the clothes don't even come out smelling particularly pretty, but they just don't reek like they did before being washed. This time I only used the Tide Pods + Botanical Mist as my detergent along with the Downy Fresh Protect Beads Botanical Mist . I was skeptical at first thinking there was no way these 2 items alone could do the job when i'm normally doing a 4 product process. I was anxious to open my washer when the cycle had finished and see how the products held up against the smelly clothes. To my complete surprise, I opened the washer door and was immediately hit with this very pleasant aroma.....Botanical Mist! I seriously could have sniffed my laundry all day! I put everything into my dryer and once it was finished I just couldn't believe how clean, fresh and soft my husband's clothes came out! The Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist and Downy Fresh Protect Beads Botanical Mist have truly impressed me and I will definitely be switching my process and making things easier for myself when it comes to my laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(920, 924, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the Tide Pods because it three in one. If you have a stain no need to use any stain remover. I had a shirt and I could not get the stain out with any other stain remover. I use the tide pod febreze and the stain wasn't in the shirt after uses this product. Tide pods is definitely a most buy. There's no other product I will buy after uses this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist and loved it! So simple and easy to use, just one Tide pod leaves your whole load of laundry smelling fresh and clean. Our clothes came out clean, and super soft, and of course smelling so great. Even after wearing the clothes all day you can still smell the scent which is great for the sweaty summer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE these little Tide PODS! The scent is so great, and it really lasts after the laundry is done. I had to just stand there and smell the laundry as it came out, it was that awesome. It's not a too strong scent that starts to go to your head, it is just the right amount of scent for perfect fresh laundry. The PODS are so easy to use, and it takes out all of the guess-work (how much detergent should I really use) and ALL of the mess! No more spills, drips, or (if you're a neat freak like me) rinsing out the detergent cap! Just toss in a nifty little Tide POD and you're done! My clothes came out very clean and smelling so great! I would definitely recommend these to anyone looking for a way to make doing laundry easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide pods have always been out for a while and so we're use to the regular, but with the boost of Febreze it make you feel like your in heaven. After every wash with these you'll just walk around smelling your clothes. I always been a Tide Pod fan since Tide came out with the pods. It definitely a good buy and you will be a happy camper. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am in love with he smell of the Tide Pods. I have always been a fan of them. I enjoy the fresh smell while my laundry is washing. I normally wash my throw blankets with the Tide pods and I notice that there is no need to add additional fabric softener. Thank you Tide Pods and Bzzagent!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide pods and each time I was very happy with the way the laundry came out. I'm a regular Febreeze user so that was something that immediately appealed to me. The scent was perfect, not too strong or too light. I noticed a nice light scent 5 days after the laundry was done. That's 5x longer than my regular detergent. That is enough for me to make the switch. I thought I was saving money with liquid detergent but in reality I was using way more and not coming close to the same affect Tide pods have. I'm switching to Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using a store brand detergent for some time given the quantity and value of the product. I will say that I was extremely anxious to try out Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pac in Botanical Rain. I was curious to see how it compared to the brand I've been using since I have been told that the 'store brand' is Tide with the generic label. I'll tell you what, they couldn't have been more wrong. With the first load I completed I could immediately tell a difference. As I was folding the laundry, I couldn't help but brush the fabric across my face because it felt so fluffy and soft in my hands. Upon doing so, you get the added bonus of a refreshing and fresh scent from the Botanical Rain. I am in love with this stuff!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(152, 156, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Got my first Buzz box I am excited to try these new products unfortunately my washer went out the new one should be here in a couple days. I did get to try the Tide Pod with Febreze The botanical rain smell was amazing. I love how there is no mess with the pods just toss in add your clothes and go no spills to clean up. I have always been skeptical about pods but my clothes came out clean my husband gets grease on his work clothes and I have a 2 year old that manages to get everything on her clothes these Tide pods got all the stains out even an old ink stain. They are more expensive than the liquid but I think they are worth it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide Pod when washing a load of my sons' clothes. I was impressed with the smell which was not overpowering but smelled great! And the clothes came out looking nice and clean as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't believe how great these make laundry smell!! It's Tide so of course it cleaned the clothes phenomenally, but I can't get over the beautiful clean scent!! While doing laundry my whole house smelled like it!! The scent lasted on the clothes even after my husband wore the clothes to work!! I was even asked what kind of perfume I had on because I smelled so good but honestly I wasn't wearing any it was just the beautiful scent of Tide pods with Febreze!!! So if you want brighter clothes that smell amazing I can only suggest trying Tide pods with Febreze!!! You will not be disappointed! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Being in a house full of messy boys, I do laundry constantly. Toddlers know how to ruin clothes. So, any product that can cut my laundry time down and work on tough stains is a keeper! Tide Pods plus Febreeze Botanical Mist went above and beyond my expectations. After a particularly tough day playing outside, my kids left me with some stubborn spots to contend with. The Tide Pods had no problem at all taking care of the stains, when I usually have to pre-treat with a separate stain remover. I feel like most of my day is spent doing laundry, I feel like I would have more free time with Tide Pods in my laundry room. The Botanical Mist fragrance is great as well. It's not too strong and smells fresh. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I finally got the chance to use Tide PODS + Febreze that I received free thanks to bzzAgent... WOW! First off, you'll noticed the scent. These smell incredible! I kept going back to smell it because it's really that good. Its fresh and crisp, but light. My whole bedroom smelled clean. I'd recommend these based on scent alone! These little premeasured individual pods, are so convenient and easy to use. One for a regular load, 2 for a bigger one, you can't mess it up. I used these on a few blankets, which was about a double load, so I used both. Just throw them in add the laundry and start. That's it! What's also great about them is that there is no required temperature or wash setting. They will dissolve in cold, warm or hot water. They also clean really well. I've been a life long user of a different detergent, so I was honestly shocked at how clean it got my sons blanket(it's his lovey, he carries..or drags it everywhere it gets pretty gross). It was the cleanest I've seen it in a long time, my usual detergent leaves it pretty dingy. Not tide though, I might have a new detergent! Not might I do, I honestly love it and will purchase as soon as my regular detergent runs out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide Pods with Frebreze on a load of towels. I can never get any scent of any detergent to stick to my towels but this did! The towels were clean and smelled fresh, the pod dissolved as it should in the washer as well. I have to say, it was nice to toss the pod in, load the washer and be done instead of waiting for the cup to fill with detergent and have to rinse it out. I have two kids, anything that can even save me 30 seconds matters! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved Tide Pods! They were so easy to use and they left our laundry smelling fresh and clean. Worked great on some of the grass stains my kids had on their pants! Would purchase this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am the type of person that loves laundry soap that smells good and gets the cleaning job done, so when I got to try the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain I was ready to put them up to the challenge! I washed a load of laundry that had some of my maternity shirts that had some stains due to me being clumsy while pregnant, and surprisingly the stains were removed and my clothes were left in wonderful condition! The smell was fabulous! It reminded me of being in a tropical garden in Hawaii or being on vacation on some beautiful island! I couldnt stop sniffing my clothes! The scent also lasts a long time. I loved how easy it was to just toss the Tide POD into the washer, no measuring, or getting messy! LOVE IT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got Tide Pods with Febreeze to try free from BzzAgent and Tide. This product was SO easy to use and it smelled AMAZING! You literally just toss it in the wash. No measuring, no mess, no worries! It's so easy to use that even my 11 year old son can use it. No more excuses! The laundry came out clean (even the boy laundry!) and smelling great! I will definitely be purchasing these in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide before. Most the regular one and simply clean, but when Bzzagent mention about Tide pods +Febreeze campaign I really wanted to try it out. I did not know how much of the smell was going to have since is all mixed and I usually use a softener when I do laundry plus the dry sheets. But I really got to say that I was in love with my laundry:-) It definitely was an accomplishment. The botanical smell, fresh clean and soft. Specially if you ate using it for your kiddos clothes and sheets. The fact that it has stain remover, I mean is all in there. There is no need to buy things separate if you know what I mean (specially with . But .OMG Tide pods are DEFINITELY A KEEPER!!! SO Im very happy with Bzzagent and Tide to be opportune to try this magic detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Laundry day has now come become REWARDING! When you pop in a pac of Tide PODS + Fabreze Botanical Mist, you will pep up your clothes with a fresh Botanical scent and get an AMAZING clean PLUS long-lasting freshness! Tide PODS + Fabreze Botanical Mist brightens fabrics, fight stains and freshens every load. Just one pac of Tide PODS + Fabreze Botanical Mist delivers a cleaning power of Tide wash and a brilliant clean and luxurious scent that lasts all day long. GotItFree LaundryInnovation TidePODS This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was pretty skeptical of the Tide PODS with Febreze. We have a pool and the beach towels get used often. Sometimes they get dry between uses and sometimes they end up in a stinky pile. When that happens they get that sour mildewy smell. I have tried washing in very hot water and other smell enhancing products, but the sour smell always comes through unless I use bleach. The bleach just ruins the pretty and bright colors of the towels. I was so surprised when I took my load of towels out of the washer and gave them a sniff test. The Tide PODS with Febreze had my towels smelling clean. I gave another test after drying with the same great results. I am convinced that this is the right product for our family when it comes to keeping our towels fresh and clean!! I have a front loader HE washer and it was so easy to just throw the POD in before the towels. The towels smelled simply clean after washing and not sickly sweet or over scented. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Growing up my mother always used Tide. I don't use it too often because my own children have sensitive skin. I used the sample I received and the scent took me back to when I was still living at home with my family. The Tide Pods with Febreze is wonderful. It left my clothes smelling great. I'm going to have to start using it more and just wash the kids clothes separately :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide plus Febreeze! The smell is powerful and doesn't fade, even after a few days. Clothes are clean, bright, and smell amazing you can't ask for much more. I've already purchased my own, since using the samples. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical Mist this week and they are fabulous! The clothing came out clean and smelling fabulous! They were very easy to use - nothing to measure or pour! Just pop one into the washer and you are all set! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the smell of the Febreeze botanicals in these new Tide Pods! I washed my pillow cases with one, and it felt wonderful to lay my head down on such a sweet and clean smelling pillow. I think I might switch to pods after this. It's easier and it seems to get my laundry just as clean as using more of the liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Tide products. This is my first time trying the pods and I really liked it, like every Tide product I have ever tried it left my clothing looking and smelling great. Definitely buying and recommending this product to family and friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this promotion about an hour after finishing laundry but I was too excited to try Tide PODS Plus Febreeze detergent pacs, so I rewashed a load! I noticed right away that my clothes smelled better than the liquid detergent I used on them before. I really love the easyness of the job. Just pop a Tide PODS pac into the washer and walk away! Super easy and no powdery mess or liquid spills and stains. Definitely on my 'To Buy' list! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(93, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Tide have used it for years. It's great on the dirt grime that my family ends up with on their clothes. However, even Tide alone couldn't tackle my husband's work out gear my boys sports equipment/uniforms. To get the stinkiest clothes in my house clean, I always needed to add a laundry additive wash the load on the heavy duty setting (which can be tough on clothes that get washed a few times every week!). So, I gave Tide Pods with Febreze a try. I threw caution into the wind set my washing machine to the regular cycle didn't add anything else to the load. When the load was over, I cautiously took a whiff of a baseball jersey.... it smelled good! Tide Pods w/ Febreze (Botanical Mist) accomplished what no other detergent before had done... will now be a staple in my laundry room! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have never used Tide before, and I have to say that I loved it. I love that I was able to do an entire load with just one pod! I will definitely be purchasing these in the future! They were very easy to use, and my wife, who usually breaks out with other detergents, did not have a reaction to these. I recommend these for people who are teaching their kids how to do laundry, because these are really fool-proof. My kids always asked me how much of the liquid soap to use, but they were just able to toss these in, and be done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always loved tide but have been hesitant on using the kin with Tide. I honestly thoughthe it wouldn't work and would be a waste of money. I used my Tide pods yesterday and it mad my laundry smell amazing! I kept finding myself sniffing the clothes as I folded them. I found it works just as well as regular tide just with a fabulous smell to go along with it. I will definitely be buying this laundry detergent next time I am at the store. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(70, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love this product for when my older girls are helping with the laundry. I don't have to worry about them putting in too much or too little detergent. We typically use Tide products anyway so we're happy with the clean and smell of the cloths after the use. Another thing I like it for is my 3 year old loves to help with things. She can come down to help with laundry and it doesn't make a mess, no spills, and easy for her to do. Love the convenience of this product. Love the smell and how clean it gets things. My 3 year old loves the dirt, it definitely gets the dirt out of her cloths. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(167, 171, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is an amazing product alone, but when you add the fresh scent of febreze its a perfect combo ! these tide pods are a go to for laundry day. the pods are super convenient, no measuring out detergent , spilling it all over, just take the pod and pop right into the wash! They are very effective in cleaning clothes and also leave an amazing long lasting scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS are the most wonderful thing that has happened in my laundry room! They are so easy to use, just toss in a pod after starting the washer but before putting in your laundry. You don't have to try and measure out the 'right' amount of detergent or worry about your detergent spilling over. I used the Tide PODS +Febreze Botanical Mist to wash our bath towels. The towels came out of the washer smelling amazing and very clean. They have been folded in the closet for a few days and you can still smell the fresh scent of Tide and Febreze. I loved this scent. I highly recommend Tide PODS and will be grabbing some the next time we go shopping. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think... Tide hit the nail on the head. this product got all the stains out of my sons clothes! Fresh clean scent. I really loved how soft it left my clothes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide Pods are fantastic. I have used them before in the past but not the one with Febreze. I have had issues before maintaining my bath towels smelling clean for years and Tide Pods came to the rescue. I was eager to try the one with Febreze to see if it made a difference from the Tide pods I am already using. And I am super happy to see that there is a slight difference. I like my bath towels to smell fresh for the entire week after its first use. By day 3-4 you could already tell it wasn't a fresh towel. Well it seems like Febreze Tide Pods makes them last that much longer. The scent it has is as good as any scent Tide offers and I have always thought Tide does a good job with cleaning. But now I think it makes certain things you clean last a little longer before needing to be washed again. I would buy this in a heart beat and will most probably switch my Tide pods to Tide pods with Febreze. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a BzzAgent an got a free sample of Tide Pods Plus Febreeze detergent pacs in botanical mist to try for my opinion. I loved how clean and refreshing my clothes smell after just one wwash.This definitely is my new favorite detergent and I will use all the time for my laundry now. I do recommend to try if will change your mind about your current detergent and change you for the better! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really joy the freshness that the Tide Pods had left on my clothes. It left such a great scent and made my clothes look brighter as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think that the Tides Pods is wonderful..love the scent and the fact that even after a week my laundry still smells freshly done This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('before I would never use a different brand than Gain products so when I was asked recently to wash my clothes with the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs...I was worried would it break out my families skin... So I tried it on instinct and loved it... The smell, the softness of the clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(119, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Enjoyed the convenience of Tide Pods plus Febreze Botanical Mist. How easy can it be just to put it in the wash and go. My towels came out fluffy and smelling so good and the sent last this long and they were clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Botanical rain has a fresh smell that I love an also gets my clothes very clean an stain free it's a great product that I believe people should know about and go try for themselves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the idea of pods. It makes laundry so easy and less messy. But the smell was amazing as well. Tide has hit the jackpot with this item. Great product to try and will definitely be buying in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think that Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain worked great. They cleaned my cloths and left them smelling great. I would have to say that they worked better then I thought they would. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods febreze botanical mist is a wonderful product a very clothes friendly,, east to use and make the clothes clean, colors brightened and smelling wonderful... I love it This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist left my laundry clean and smelling fresh. I was impressed on how easy it was to use! I would highly recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of the Tide Pods and Odor Control. Definitely will be a repurchase for me and my family. Thank Bzzagent for letting us try the Tide Pods before I bought them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product. It so easy to just grab a pod and throw it in the wash plus it smells great! I would definitely recommend this product to anyone! GotItFree LaundryInnovation TidePods This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(179, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received these products the Tide pods plus Febreze, Downy Fresh Protect Active Fresh In-Wash Odor Shield and the Gain Original Flings, and immediately used them in three days. I've never bought them, but I loved the way my clothes smelled afterwards and the way they kept smelling after days in the closet and drawer. I actually recommend this three products. I'm gonna go and start buying them from now on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only are these Tide pods uber cute and easy to carry, but it is so effective and smells so fresh. Once I drop the tiny pod into my wash, it dissolves in the wash with my clothes and washes them. No need to carry around a huge bottle of detergent anymore. It's the perfect size, amount, and does the same great job as the originals, with even better scents! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods are amazing! This was my first time using any type of compact pod type detergent, and I was not disappointed! My laundry was soft, smelled so so good, and the scent lasted! The pods also are so convenient. There's no measuring out detergent or anything! You just toss in the little pod and you are good to go. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received those free sample from BzzAgent . I think this Tide Pods + Frebreze Botanical Mist is awesome combine . You can expect your clothes clean , bright and smell so good . My kids love this amazing Tide Pods + Frebreze Botanical Mist . They even ask me to switch to this detergent . Nice product . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was able to test out the Tide Pods and Febreze Botanical Mist and I really liked it. I like the scent it gave to my clothes. I also liked that the scent last for a long time. I washed my sons clothes and it left it really clean. It's good for keeping clothes clean for any age. I really recommend this to my friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had never used Tide Pods - I was a Tide Powder kind of girl. I liked being able to control the amount of detergent added to each load. This campaign was my first experience with pods of any kind, and I may just be a convert! While I am not able to control the amount, the convenience outweighs all of that! I love being able to just toss in a pod, no scooping, no measuring, just a toss...even in my new HE machine! An added bonus: they're super easy to bring with us on our summer vacations to the cottage! No mess, no fuss, just easy...and they smell GREAT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods do make laundry easier, less mess! And they smell so good! It lasts for days!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first got the Tide Pods in my bzz kit, I wasn't sure what to do with them, as I am allergic to tide and break out every time I've tried to use it. My sensitive skin was a huge bummer to my husband because Tide with Febreze is his all time favorite detergent. Unfortunately for him, I'm not separating our laundry and well, hes not going to either so he was more than ecstatic to be able to have a load of his laundry washed in his favorite detergent. Now, he's never used the pods- but they are SO SO easy!!! No mess, no drips, nothing! Just pop em in and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this pod on a particularly stinky load of laundry, and it came out of the dryer smelling FANTASTIC (without using a dryer sheet). Loading the detergent was fabulously easy, just had to throw the pod into the washer barrel. I've used other detergents in the past, but always come back to Tide, because nothing cleans my clothes as well. It's just worth the little extra that it costs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(294, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a sweaty husband and messy kids in the heat of the Florida summer this product kept our family smelling great. I typically use detergent, softener and an odor booster to keep the family smelling fresh and get all of the stains out. This product was a one and done for this busy Mom. I am definately making the switch from my 3 products to this one. Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(361, 365, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I honestly never thought to try Tide Pods because they seemed sort of unnecessary but now that I've used them I can honestly say I'm a believer in the pods! I love how convenient they are. No more measuring detergent and worrying that I put in too much or not enough. My husband frequently does the laundry and he sometimes is too skimpy on the soap and our clothes still have stains on them when he's done. Now I can just hand him a Tide Pod and know he can't possibly mess the laundry up! I also like how everything is self-contained. We live in an apartment building and the laundry room is not near our unit and doesn't have a sink. Before, I'd always end up with detergent on my hands and no way to clean them if I wasn't going back to the apartment. With the pods my hands stay clean and I don't have to lug a big jug of detergent downstairs. The Tide pods cleaned our clothes wonderfully and the scent is fresh and clean, not too strong. I love it! Overall, I'm so glad I got the opportunity to try Tide Pods and I can't wait to run out and buy some more. Doing the laundry just got so much easier! Hooray! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like many moms, I do a lot of laundry. I got a free sample from BzzAgent in exchange for my personal honest review of the product ( this review is of my own). I used the sample and found the Tide Pods to be a very easy way to do my laundry. After the wash, I found that my clothes were very clean (Tide is, after all, well known for its distinct cleaning power from my perspective). What I especially liked, however, was how my clothes smelled fresh and clean ( didn't smell perfumey). I really liked this product and bought some more. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(191, 195, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of two Tide PODS in the mail last week from Buzzagent. I tested them on a large capacity dark and light load of laundry in cold and cool water and they worked wonderfully! Between me, my 4 month old daughter, a husband who loves yard work we have a ton of laundry! The Tide PODS are very easy to use, just pop them into your washer before you add your clothes, add your laundry , start up your washer, and you're done! Tide PODS work in any water temperature and with any laundry (whites, darks, or brights) and with any size load (within reason). I love the Fresh smell afterward. Great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoyed using Tide Pods + Febreeze, it makes doing laundry so much more easier. I dont have to measure how much soap to put in each load, all I gotta do is get a pod n put it in the washer and the fact that they added Febreeze to it makes it smell so good, I recommend people to try it This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist were great. They got my clothes clean and smelling great. Scent is really important to me, and I loved the way these made my clothes smell. They are easy and convenient to use too. Great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I typically use the regular old liquid laundry soap. I thought to myself, well this little old pod isn't going to give my clothes the results that I usually get. To my amazement I was totally wrong. These little pods are beyond amazing. They made my clothes smell wonderful and look as if I just bought them off the shelf. The nose tells no lie. The best part of doing laundy is smelling the clothes after they have been washed and dried. For some reason it leaves a comfort feeling. TidePods+Febreze Botanical Mist instantly made me think of a tropical island, not sure why but it did. I felt like I was there! So if you have doubts take my word you will be amazed by the tide pods+ Febreze Botanical Mist. Thanks Bzzagent for allowing me to experience the smell of what I would call a Tropical island! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(484, 488, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried pods in the past so I was a little skeptical at first when trying Tide Pods with Febreeze. I grabbed the blanket off my couch that is used daily by my two small children and dogs so it always gets a funky smell to it. I thought this would be the ultimate test! I absolutely loved the scent! The blanket was also very soft! I very pleased with using pods and went out and purchased them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always used Tide, as my mom always did. As a child, I can often remember my friends commenting on how great my clothes smelled. Especially if I had borrowed a shirt, which my mom had washed and I was then returning it. This made me proud and I never forgot. Therefore, I never thought twice about which brand of detergent to use once I was out on my own, and I've never been disappointed. However I was pleasantly surprised at how easy the pods were to use!! They were mess free and quick to just throw in the wash. They worked wonderfully. They cleaned well and smelled great. I used the pods on a normal colored load of clothes from my 2yr old, my husband and myself. I loved the touch of Febreeze. They are definitely worth it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I washed my son's towels with Tide Pods +Febreze Botanical mist and it smelled amazing coming out of the wash and out of the dryer. However it has been several weeks since I washed his towels and I pulled a stack of clean towels out of linen closet and they STILL smelled amazing! I will be washing everything with these for now on! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have also been a Tide Customer but had never tried the PODS. I loved them! I have a front loading HE machine and don't think my clothes have ever been this clean. I immediately went out and bought more! I'm a new customer for life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods. Just so simple to use. No need for measuring. Just toss it in with your laundry and hit start. Fast and easy. The Frebreze Botanical Mist is a great touch. It's a fresh smell, and isn't too overpowering. Will definitely add this smell to my future purchases of Tide :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been a huge fan of Tide and it's always been my go to laundry detergent, but Tide has managed to improve a product I didn't think could be improved! These Tide Pods are absolutely amazing! They are so much easier to use than regular liquid laundry detergent and I feel like they are far more efficient and will save you money in the long run. There's no measuring or over filling. You just throw in one or two pods and you have fresh smelling, laundry. I love the smell of these too, I'm not normally a big fan of scented laundry detergent as they can be very overwhelming and I don't like really flowery scents, but I love the way my clothes smell from this detergent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always loved the Tide brand but I have never used the pods, and I tend to shy away from purfumes. My clothes came out clean, and smelling great! I really liked the botanical scent. I will probably not buy these from the store. While I will continue to purchase the Tide brand - I really prefer the free and clear with no dyes or purfumes. Also, as convenient as the pods are, I've heard of children thinking that they are candy and ingesting them - making them very sick. So, while I have children in my house I will probably stick with the liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I threw in the Tide Pod with Febreze Botanical Mist with my last load of laundry this morning and was completely pleased with the outcome. Plus I love how easy it is to use. Just toss into the washing machine with your clothes and turn on the machine. Super easy and no mess! As for getting clothes clean It completed the job perfectly. All my clothes were clean and had a pleasant scent to them. The Febreze Botanical Mist provided a fresh scent that I loved. The scent was not overpowering but was just enough to notice it. I will defintely use Tide Pod with Febreze Botanial Mist in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Before I purchased this product, I would like to know if scent was good and if it got laundry really clean. I got to try a free sample of Tide with Febreeze Pods. I love this product. It made my laundry smell awesome and the scent lasted a long time. I highly recommend this product. Makes sheets and towels feel soft and smell great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(138, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ok let me tell you I tried these new Tide Pods and I am excited to share my experience. I got these in my Bzzkit from Bzzagent! I was so excited to try them and let me tell you. These are the greatest thing ever. They are so convenient and easy to use. I no longer have to use all the different things in my laundry. I love these!!!! They not only leave my clothes bright and clean. They leave them soft and smelling so good. And I am a big stickler for the scent. I went right out and bought a big tub of them. They are a little pricey, but other than that they are so awesome. I love them and I give them two thumbs up This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Do you want freash clean clothes and smell good try the the TidePODS GotitFree they not only a miracle in a pod they make your load lighter now you don't have to carry around that big thing of detergent just pop in one or two of the pods your friends will be mad TidePODS This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received my Tide Pod samples from Bzzagent and was very excited to try out. These are very convenient with no measuring, spilling, etc... doesn't get easier than this! Our laundry came out very clean and smelling wonderful. We have an LG front load washer and there were no problems with dissolving (just remember to pull out the small measuring tray). I just wish the pods were a little less expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide in the past but for a long while I've been using less expensive brands. This sample reminded of just how amazing TIde is. Clothes come out so much cleaner and they smell so good! I'm hooked back on Tide now and have since bought more. The PODS make the process so much easier. You just toss one in and that's it! Easy, convenient, and Tide just works better then anything else on the market. It's worth every penny! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think these Tide Pods + Febreze are great .They work really well i have two boy who are really ruff on their cloths with dirt and smells and with the Tide Pods their clothes came clean and smelled great throughout the day .They did a really nice job getting the stains out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ok, we are all familiar with Tide and Febreeze. To me, two major brands I love. The idea of having the two together is pure bliss. My clothes, (clothes of two boys and a hard working yet stinky husband) smelled so amazing I could not believe it. All the stink, stank, stunk was gone. Brands we know as and trust just formed the the best friendship. No measuring, no pouring, no drips, just throw the pod in the washer and viola...... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think these Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist are so easy to use all you have to do is throw it in the washing machine! The added Febreze Botanical Mist scent makes my clothes smell so nice without having to add any scent beads. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There always seems to be a mountain of laundry at my house, and we go through a lot of detergent so I tend to stick with the less expensive brands. Getting the chance to try out TidePODS was a real treat for me. I love the convenience of this product. There is no messy powder or liquid to spill - Just toss one in with your laundry and start up the machine. I didn't see a huge difference in the cleaning power of the detergent pac compared to my usual brand, but oh my goodness, my laundry came out smelling spectacular. While I don't think I'd rush out and just buy this product if the price is similar to other Tide products, I do think this is a good product and would definitely buy when the price was right! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(178, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods with Febreze were wonderful. Not only did they make my clothes smell heavenly, but they also cleaned them really well. I also loved the convince of them. You can just throw them right in the washer- no measuring or mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clean and great smelling laundry couldn't be easier with Tide Pods plus Febreze. No measuring or fuss. Same great Tide clean I have always relied on with an added great scent. Opening the closet, you can smell the freshness and its one that carries with you all day. On a good note it is not overpowering. I recommend this product for anyone with laundry challenges and without scent allergies. Prior to trying it, I was skeptical on the pod concept but was pleasantly surprised. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods Plus Febreze free thanks to bzzagent.com, I love Pods more than liquid detergent aready but this one I don't need to add anything other than the 1 Pod it is amazing, it cleans and smells clean strongly more than anything else I have tryed so far this been cheaper on me in the end. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I saved the Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical mist for when I washed my sheets and it was a brilliant idea! My sheets smell fantastic! My husband is allergic to most liquid fabric softeners so it is difficult to find products that make my laundry smell great and don't bother his sensitive skin. These Pods did just that. The scent really lasted and the Tide was able to get out the coffee stains he neglected to tell me about on his side! This product is a winner! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can now say that I love to do laundry. With the Tide pods + febreze it makes laundry a lot easier and makes my laundry smell wonderful. Some of the things that I wanted to know before I got this product was did they really work........the answer is yes, they are wonderful to use and get your clothes clean and smelling clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was shocked when I opened the trunk of my car and noticed the kids had stored wet swim towels from the lake, ten days ago! I was convinced they would have to be thrown away, the smell was so bad. I thought I could give them one chance with the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist. I was shocked! They came out fresh and smelling great after just one wash. They are so easy to use, plus it's just one product! I will definitely be buying more for the kids stinky summer sport clothing! And they can be purchased using Targets cartwheel app! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(246, 250, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I may be a little biased as I have always loved Tide. Tide has always had amazing smell and such a little amount left your laundry smelling wonderful and looking very clean. The tide pods with febreze botanical mist did not disappoint at all. I absolutely love the fresh, clean clothes produced from the small little pod that went in my laundry. The febreze scent was wonderful and very noticeable but not so much that it was overbearing. It was a pleasant addition to the traditional tide smell. Lets not forget the convenience of having all that laundry detergent all packed into one tiny square. One would think it wouldn't be enough to do their laundry well. I assure you, it was! So, laundry just became easier and more appealing all around! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods with Febreze smelled great with botanical freshness! Left my clothes clean! Although I had been a long-time Tide user, I had never thought of using pods before. They are so easy to use and I would buy them again in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the fresh scent!!!I also loved the fact that I didn't have to measure anything with the Pods. I had heard before about Pods being unsafe around children. I have two young boys but I always make sure any type of detergent is kept locked or out of reach from them. My clothes smelled fabulous and were left clean and fresh. I would recommend recommend Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(358, 362, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was a little hesitant that such a little packet was going to remove the stains from my husband's work clothes, but not only Tide pods did that but they left the freshest smell on them. Is not like a detergent smell but more like a real scent, my husband asked me if I had changed anything on the way I do his laundry and he is not one to notices stuff like this and he requested I keep using it on his clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fresh scent these provide and how well something so small cleans my clothes. I would give this a 10 if possible because 5 stars is just not enough for how much I love this product. I am allergic to alot of Detergents and Regular Tide is one of them so I was leary on testing the Tide pods. But I had no reaction to it and I love the way it makes my clothes feel and smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(240, 244, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This campaign couldn't have come at a better time. We just moved into a brand new home and I got brand new HE front loading machines. Personally I've always been more of a fan of powdered detergent, but the concept of just tossing in a pod to get detergent and softener in one load was great since I didn't have to measure anything. I tried the Gain Original Flings detergent pacs and Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain. Both of them had very fresh smelling scents. I preferred the smell of the Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain, but the Gain Originals Flings scent actually stayed on the load of laundry after running it through the dryer. Pro's: Convenience of not having to measure laundry detergent and softener Smells great Saves time Con's: More expensive than traditional detergent and softener Pre-measured for a full load of laundry and many times I do not have a full load so it becomes wasteful Automatically comes with a fabric softener and I prefer not to use that on my toddler's clothes I would purchase these products in the future if I had coupons and/or they were running a great sale on them, but I see myself saving them for full loads of laundry such as towels sheets. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(385, 389, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the Botanical Mist scent of Tide PODS + Febreeze. It was simple to use, as there is no measuring, just toss a pod in the washer with the laundry and it is good to go. No more spilling/dripping liquid when put the cap back on. It gets the laundry clean and leaves it smelling great. I would highly recommend this product and see myself continuing to buy it in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wasn't sure how well this product was going to work. Tide is excellent detergent, so I figured febreze can only make it better. I was right. Febreze adds just the right amount of pop to your laundry. I feel confident that my laundry is clean, and that it is going to smell great for a long time. I'm not sure I'll spend the extra money on this product, but if I could find a coupon I would definitely stock up. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a little shocked out how long lasting the fresh scent of the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist is. During this campaign, my family and I traveled out of town for two weeks. We did two loads of laundry with the Tide Pods prior to packing. Not only were we greeting with clean and fresh scented clothing when we opened our luggage at our destination, but we were also very surprised to find that the clothes that did not come on our trip with us also still smelled as fresh as they did when the laundry was first completed! I actually put on my pants and made my husband smell them to confirm! When wearing the clothes that had been washed with the Tide Pods, I could smell the clean scent throughout the day. I was concerned that perhaps the scent might be too strong for others, but when I told my friends and family about it, none of them seemed to think that it was too strong. I was also concerned that perhaps my toddler son might have a skin reaction to the detergent, if the scent was so strong, but so far, that has not been the case. My toddler has very mild dry skin on occasion, so we tend to use sensitive, scent free or lightly scented products for his clothing. I would not hesitate to purchase this product in the future or to highly recommend this products to other people who enjoy fresh scented clothes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(65, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved them! They worked amazing making my laundry soft and smell absolutely amazing! I was worried they would be a bit pricey and sadly I was right. Overall though, it was an awesome product! I now will continue to shop for Tide Pods and Febreeze botanical mist This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(226, 230, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I first opened my Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain , the smell hit me. I use Tide detergent a lot, and they are know to have amazing scents . They were easy to use. I love to cook, so I am constantly getting food stains on my clothes , so these work perfectly for getting stains out. What you should want to know before buying this product is that, it smells amazing, they remove stains easily, and they are very convenient. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm usually really hesitant to use pods. I'm always afraid that they won't open or release all of their contents. Luckily, I was proven wrong with the new Tide Pods with Febreze. I work on a farm, so I'm confronted with dirty, smelly laundry on a weekly basis. Not only did I get my clothes clean, but my clothes also wound up smelling pretty fantastic. It wasn't overpowering, and it didn't bother the allergies I'm usually confronted with when I use scented...well...anything. Overall, I had a pretty good time with this product! I didn't expect it to be as good as it was. I will definitely be using the Tide Pods with Febreze in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(155, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have nothing but good things to say about the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist! All I had to do was toss a 4-in-1 pac into the washer to obtain clothes that did not only feel clean and fresh but were also stain-free bright! I also love how they are specially designed to dissolve completely in hot, warm or cold water. Temperature is definitely not a problem! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I got the Tide Pods and opened them, the first thing I noticed was the INCREDIBLE SCENT! I am someone who takes a long time to purchase scented products because I am thrilled with the variety of scents out there. These Tide Pods smell awesome so fresh. When I showed them to my 7-yr-old son, he couldn't get over how cool they LOOKED! That's why I dubbed them space age since they are like nothing I've ever seen before. The Pod itself has this incredible swirl of color, and they feel so cool. The Pod itself has a springy-gel feeling. I can't believe the gel part just melts in the load and with NO RESIDUE. These made our clothes super clean, super fresh, and the scent lasted all week. That is a bonus I love! Not everyone likes scent that much, but we do. They were truly OUT OF THIS WORLD and we can't wait to purchase some. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Before using Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs, i was extremely curious about the scent. I am very picky with scent. I think Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain smelled so good! The scent was strong enough to fill my laundry room for a few days. When I first used to tide pod, I was a little paranoid of how the pod was going to open. Once the load was done, there was no trace of the plastic it was in. It was awesome. It did an amazing job on my laundry. Not only did my laundry smell good, the colors seemed to be a lot brighter and cleaner. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide Pods with Febreeze and I loved it. I received the Tide pods from bzzagent to try. I ran out of my own detergent and put the Tide Pod with Febreeze in with my colored wash. The first thing I noticed when I opened my washer to move the clothes to the dryer is the great smell. A clean and scented smell greeted me. My clothes went in the dryer and I didn't use a dryer sheet. When my clothes were done I was impressed on how fresh they smelled and how soft they were. I really liked the Tide Pods with Febreeze and will use them again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide and Febreze put into one little pac was a great idea. Who would have thought It leaves your clothes smelling fresh and clean, with no residue left over. What a great invention! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Febreze left my clothes clean and soft, with a long lasting fresh scent. It took care of the stains on my clothes and I am really happy that I got a free sample! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide liquid pod is a great product .The clothes are cleaned really well and smell great.Product is easy to use .I would certainly recommend thus product to family and friend.Nice excellent cleaned wonderful smelling clothes (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have found my clothes were brighter and smelled amazing just after one wash. I couldn't wait to use again! My husband loved them as well and asked me to use for the laundry now on. Definitely a hit outta the park! I will definitely be switching from another leading brand back to Tide! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(282, 286, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Febreeze are excellent. Tide is a leader of laundry detergent and now with the febreeze scent it has surpassed all my expectations. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Tide plus Febrezz, get clothes clean also leaves them fresh smelling. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so impressed with the results of the Tide with Febreeze that I bought a container of it right away. The clothes were clean and there was a nice light scent. You do not need to use a scent booster with this product. I actually tried it out on my gym clothes and it killed all of the smell. I have nothing bad to say about it at all. It will be my new detergent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was given a sample for Tide Pods with Febreze through the home tester club. I tried the product almost immediately after receipt. It worked really well and had a great scent to it. I would definitely use this product again and would definitely recommend this product to others. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very convenient, easy to transport back and forth to the laundry room, love the scent that it adds to the clothes and the lasting freshness. Tide does a great job in cleaning the stubborn dirt on clothes. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(141, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the product the performance was consistent with the Tide name and I really liked the fresh scent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods! No measuring out detergent!! Will be buying these again, for sure (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is a quality product which gets the dirt and grime out of our clothes. I loved the added touch of Febreeze scent (another trusted product in our house) adding the two greats together makes for the perfect laundry combo. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved using Tide Liquid pod with Frebreze! My clothes came out of the machine smelling fantastic. It's especially great for clothing that gets hung to dry after washing as they don't always get the lovely scent you get from dryer sheets. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods clean clothes like a dream and leaves my clothes smelling very fresh. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Laundry is a chore to begin with and Tide Liquid Pods take away a few of the previous steps making it that much quicker. I love the ease of use and the fact that Tide Liquid Pods are an all in one product (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Tide Pods with Febreeze after coming back from a family trip to Cuba. Our bathing suits were used many times while away and only dried in the bathroom (which usually never fully dried). We did quite a bit of swimming in the ocean, which made the suits smell a bit. We swam on the morning before we left and I didn't do the laundry until the day after we came back. The wet suits smelled nasty! I used the pod and all our clothes came out clean and smelling fresh. No lingering bacteria/ocean smells. This pod worked hard for me. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quick, convenient and easy! Tide Liquid pods save me time without making a mess! Ive found a new way to do laundry! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was able to try these awesome Tide Pods with Febreze for free and I am so thrilled that I was able to. This is the most amazing smelling detergent I have ever smelled. It left my clothes smelling fantastic for days after. I am very happy with these pods and will be purchasing them in the future! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great washing and the scent was great! I have used the regular Tide before but the tide with frebreeze is much better and the smell of the clothes was incredible! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze Botanical Rain for free from Home tester club. I have always loved Tide, and Febreze. Now I am in love with this product you get both together it's a win-win for me. The great clean, lasting smell and ease of use (just throw in the washer and your done) fit's into my lifestyle perfectly totally recommend this product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Febreeze did a fantastic job on my laundry. My husband is an automotive mechanic so his work clothes get very dirty, and the Tide Pods left them very clean and smelling great which has been challenging in the past. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide liquid pod specifically on my husband's work clothes. I have a hard time getting his clothes clean and smelling fresh without using an industrial strength detergent! But one of these pods did the trick and I was able to put his work clothes in his closet along with his other clothes. No more secondary storage! Thanks Tide! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My laundry came out smelling fresh and clean with the Tide pods! It removed some stains that had been there for a long time and I am very happy to see it looking like new again! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was really pleased with Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze because of the smell it left on with my husband construction work clothes and it felt really clean... (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i received a pack of these Tides PODS plus Febreeze free to try and I am very pleased with them! This type of POD product is my preferred method of laundry. Very easy to use and I always have the perfect amount of detergent. The thing that sold me on these is the amazing Febreeze scent. It's infused my clothes with a beautiful scent and I can't stop smelling them as I'm doing the laundry. Might sound silly but it really brings me joy. The cleaning ability is also something to love. They make even thr grungiest of clothes look and smell fresh! Again, I did receive these free to try, but these opinions are all my own! I don't know that I will ever buy liquid detergent again! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is amazing. It not only provides you with three things in one, detergent and softeners but the size is extremely convenient to use. No more heavy jugs or messy powders. Way to go Tide! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(192, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my sample of Tide Liquid pods with Febreeze from Home Tester Club. Very simple single dose laundry detergent. Just toss the whole pod in your load, no muss no fuss! It left our clothes feeling and looking clean, AND smelling fantastic! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample Tide pod with Febreze from the Home Tester Club and I'm happy to say that I was pleasantly surprised. I have used Tide detergent before, but never a pod-type detergent. I loved how easy it was to just pop it in the washer and not have to measure anything or pour more than one liquid in, etc. I used this Tide pod to wash my fleece sheets and I absolute LOVE the fresh smell they came out with! I have since purchased some of these Tide pods with Febreze and look forward to more great smelling laundry! Thanks to Home Tester Club for the great sample! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have received a free sample of Tide liquid pods with febreze from hometesterclub to try and review. Tide was always my favourite. But combining it with febreze means eliminating a step. Just popping a pod and no liquid mess and no measuring. :) The sample smell was botanical rain. This is a very clean and fresh scent and it lasts longer. Love it. It did not stain my fabrics but I did notice that my laundry was perfectly clean. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After trying the Tide Febreeze pods, I have switched from my regular brand to Tide. It's easy to use, no mess plus it smells fantastic. You combined two great products to get one exceptional product. Leaves your clothes smelling fresh and looking clean. I recommend this product to all my friends and family. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have never tried Tide Pods so when I received a sample from Home Tester Club I was very excited to try it. The first thing I fell in love with was the size and convenience. No more lugging the bottles to the laundry mat. The smell was next. I found it to have a very pleasant smell. My clothes stayed fresh even after hanging in my closet for a while. The amazing cleaning action was wonderful. It left my clothes very clean and even removed those pesky stains. Tide Pods are a great complete package. My sample made a fan out of me which I quite enjoy telling everyone. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got the Tide liquid pod with Febreze as a sample. I have always used Tide but the liquid form. This pod is easy to use, don't have to measure or anything. The Febreze smell is very nice. However, the sample was only for one use so can't really determine that much. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I liked the product and the performance, however, its hard for me to switch since my whole family agrees on the usage of Gain. With the Tide product, I got mixed reviews from my family. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(136, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze exceeded my expectations! The product was easy to use and fit conveniently into my wash. I enjoyed the scent and the fact that it got my clothes not only clean, but smelling fresh and pleasant. There was no mess or residue on my clothing following the completion of the wash. I would highly recommend this product. I will be switching to this product for my future laundry needs. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a Tide Customer for years and have always been happy with their products. This new febreeze infuse Tide Pods have added a fresh ser scent to my clothes and was really easy to use. Though the package feels weird to the touch and makes you wonder if it would work, Tide has made it work perfectly with any washer. So say goodbye to having to measure detergent or have your hands sticky after dropping detergent because Tide Pods with Febreeze can remedy that with a fresher scent (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods 4 in 1 and loved it. It's so small and easy to use, the scent is just right not too overbearing. Just throw it in the washer and you are ready to go. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the Tide with febreeze pods. I think they work great and love how simple it is to use, no mess or spills. Fragrance was great too! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was mailed a sample of Tides Liquid Pods with Febreeze Botanical Rain to try out for the Home Tester Club and give my review on the product. The first thing I noticed was how much more convenient using the pods are instead of using liquid or powder detergent. They are small and fit perfectly in the palm of my hand. They emit a nice smell. They are very easy to use. Just grab one and throw it in! The smell of my clothing after pulling it out of the washer was fresh and great smelling. After I pulled my laundry out of the dryer, I could still smell that great smell strongly which is what I look for in a laundry detergent. I will definitely be buying this product in the future. The pros are great and I cannot find any cons to this product. Thank you so very much! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always been my go to brand of laundry detergent. It gets the job done better than any other brand I have tried. When I saw that Tide and Febreze made a product together I about passed out! My two very favorite scents have be united together for one amazing product. What more could I ask for in life! I love the little pods.They are so easy to store and convenient to store. Just grab one and pop it in the washer. No hassle of measuring and spilling. Not only did my laundry come out clean as a whistle it also smelled SO GOOD! As did my whole house! In fact I could still smell the Febreze Tide scent on my laundry days later.I highly recommend this product to everyone who has to deal with doing laundry. It makes a mundane task a little better :) I received Tide Pods plus Febreeze complimentary for testing purposes (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Tide Pods with Febreze in the mail to try, I loved it ! Was easy to use and after my laundry was done everything smelled sooooooo good !!! I highly recommend Tide Pods with Febreze . I will now be doing all my laundry with it . Thanks for the sample !!! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Liquid pod with febreze cleaned my laundry very well and the scent was very nice and long lasting. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I washed my sheets with Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze. The results were wonderful, and my clean sheets felt so soft and felt great! I loved the fresh scent that lasted in my sheets for a long time. After using the sample I want to go out and buy an entire package. I told my friends about the great results of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze and they said they will go out and also buy some. I loved the scent of the TIDE LIQUID PODS WITH FEBREZE BOTANICAL RAIN laundry detergent . It was probably the best smelling laundry detergent that I have ever used for doing my laundry. I can't wait to go out any buy an entire package of TIDE LIQUID PODS WITH FEBREZE BOTANICAL RAIN. I would highly recommend the laundry detergent to anybody who loves a good scent! I loved the results of the laundry detergent!It was amazing! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample pod of Tide. I really like the convenience, no measuring or spills with the pod. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was sent the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze by qualifying under the Home Tester Club site. I expected the pods to do their job like any other we've had in the past and I was wrong. This was way beyond my expectations. Having grown up with Tide and other PG products as well as raising my family with PG products on a daily basis, I was so impressed with this that I ended up buying one. The idea of having the Febreze linkup makes the clothes smell amazing, besides them coming out sparkly clean and shiny. The price was not the most expensive yet not the cheapest too. It definitely is worth more in value than what it costs for the load of clothes I put in. From the texture to the simple packaging and yet keeping the quality we all expect from tide but with more oomph to it this time around, I highly recommend using Tide Pods and give it a 10/10 rating. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide liquid Pods with Febreze has really changed my attitude to using this product for all my laundry cleaning. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods not only cleans your clothes but also keeps them fresh smelling for days afterwards. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreeze made my blankets soft smell beautiful. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My first impression was the smell when I opened the package, which was amazing! The scent is so clean. I love when scent lasts on clothing. After washing and drying the clothing, it still smelled great. Tide PODS was very easy to use, just toss it in. Much quicker and less messy than liquid detergent. I was also glad that the POD dissolved in cold water. My clothes looked clean and bright and smell great! This type of POD product is my preferred method of laundry. Very easy to use and I always have the perfect amount of detergent. The thing that sold me on these is the amazing Febreeze scent. It's infused my clothes with a beautiful scent and I can't stop smelling them as I'm doing the laundry. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(203, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the convenience of the pod and this new scent is amazingly fresh. With 4 kids in our household, we need a product to live up to its claims and Tide Pods delivers! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(161, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pof work well ands get clothes clean and leave clothes smelling good. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always liked the Tide brand, I believe they live up to what their ads claim. This Tide with Febreeze had the added convenience of softener and left my clothes soft and with a really nice (not overpowering) scent. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love the scent from the Tide liquid pod with Febreze Botanical Rain! The clothes smell fresh and the scent lasted longer than other detergents! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreze are fantastic. I was very pleased with how well it cleaned my laundry and the beautiful scent was long lasting. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Febreeze is the best overall laundry soap that I have used. The freshness and fragrance is awesome, lasts longer than I would have believed. Thank you for sending me a sample. This is my soap from now on. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a fourteen year old that wears a school uniform. He manages to get food on shirt during almost every lunch break. I used the Tide Pod in the load that washes the uniform polo shirts. I usually pre-soak and hand scrub the food stains on his shirts before washing, but I wanted to see if the Tide Pod would make life easier. I am very happy to say that his school uniform shirts came clean without extra soaking and scrubbing. I am impressed. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love using the Tide pods with freebreeze. It was super easy to use and smells amazing (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always been my favorite detergent, however, Tide with Febreeze is just incredible. I love the convenience of Tide pods, and the smell of these make them my new number 1 go to detergent. Such a pleasant scent, that lasts for days. I have bought them since trying the sample, and will continue to do so. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze on my towels and it made them smell and feel incredible! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was really impressed with the Tide pod. Tide does a wonderful job of cleaning your clothes and the scent is wonderful. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With a family of four and two dogs laundry never ends. I like to enjoy the scent and how clean Tide gets my clothes. Love this new product (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely loved the Tide pods. When I opened my washer the smell of freshness made my whole room smell so good. This product is fantastic. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide with febreeze was great,made my laundry feel soft and the scent actually lasted longer then normal! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreze not only cleaned my clothes but left a fresh scent that lasted for days. A pair of stained jeans also came out clean and never before have I had this result with other detergents. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze were awesome, so very easy to use and a very convenient size and my clothes smell amazing with the fusion of febreze. I will definitely be purchasing these in the future. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Better than expected. I have now switch to Tide will use the tide pods they are amazing', {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with febreeze cleaned my clothes extremely well and the smell of febreeze was an added bonus:) would highly recommend this new product to everyone (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the performance and scent. This Tide Liquid Pods are ideal when I use my washer on the delay mode, whereas with liquid it leaks out of the dispenser onto the clothing while in delay mode. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recieved Tide liquid pods with febreeze from Home Tester and really enjoyed them as did the kids and hubby. We noticed the scent was great and lasted longer than what we had been using before. We bought some more and will continue to do as they were a hit with our family. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze in the mail a few weeks ago and was skeptical about its claims to be effective on stains. I used the pod on a few items that had stubborn stains my old detergent left behind and was amazed to see the stains disappeared. The items were washed at least 2 weeks ago and still smell fantastic. I would definitely recommend this product to everyone! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So I tried the Tide Pod with Febreze for the first time this week actually! I absolutely love that it's easy to use...just pop it in the washer with your clothes and your good to go! I love the smell of it too! I just went and bought some more yesterday! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods are great. They leave the laundry clean and smelling fantastic. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely loved it! Tide is a well established laundry detergent. It is one of the top brands on the market today Tide is very effective I use Febreeze all the transaction and thrilled to use it in my laundry (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreeze easy to put in washer only have to use one at a time love the smell of the clothes after being washed. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tide Pods make your clothes smell amazing! I remember picking up a shirt I had washed a week and a half prior and it smelled amazing. It just gives you that fresh vibe and puts you in a happy mood. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Overall tide pods are fantastic!! I love that they are pre-measured and contain all the the items in one small package. Tide has always been a reliable brand and teaming up with Febreeze makes this product so kuch better. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(120, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoyed the convince of the Tide pods and the smell is amazing keep my closet smelling so good. I would definitely purchase and use in the future. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with Febreze is a great product that combines tide with Febreze in a pod which makes doing laundry really easy with no mess. Makes the laundry smell really good (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a free sample of this product from Home Tester Club. The Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze worked really well on my dingy towels. I used the pod in a hot water load full of towels. They came out smelling clean and fresh. After a tumble in the dryer, they were soft and fluffy. The pod left a light fresh scent. I would definitely buy these in the future, not only because they are so easy to use (just drop one in, no measuring), but because I am truly satisfied with how clean my towels were after washing with one of these pods. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always been a fan of Tide. I really like the size of the product and ease of use. The smell was very refreshing! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods with the Febreze scent is a great thing. my laundry smelled fresher for a longer period of time. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Fabreeze are very handy to use. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods with Febreeze make it so easy to do laundry. Throw a pod it, turn on the washer and voila, beautifully smelling, clean clothes come out... Love it! I recommend this wonderful product to anyone and if you travel and have to do laundry, the are super convenient. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze (Botantical Rain) after I was given a sample to try review. First, let me say how much I LOVED the packaging!! It was so neat easy to simply toss in a pod with enough power to clean even the dirtiest of our laundry. I was really impressed with how much fragrance remained in our clothes even after they were put in the dryer AND while we were wearing them! I have never used a laundry detergent that was had both cleaning power fragrance (not overwhelming) all in one! Gone are the days of messy liquid or powder laundry detergent! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As part of the Home Tester Club, I was offered to try the Tide PODS Plus Febreze, not only was it easy to just drop it in the load, but also cleaned my dirty clothes fantastically, plus it smells great!! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes smelled fantastic after using Tide Pods with Febreze. Every time I pull my sheets back to get into bed, I get a whiff of fresh laundry--I love it! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods were one of the best product I have used in a while. It cleaned my clothes very well and gave them a fresh clean sent. highly recommended! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods Plus Frebreze Laundry Detergent Pacs are extremely convenient and easy to use. You just toss one in your laundry with your clothes and you are done. The Tide Pod incorporates detergent, brightener, stain remover and Febreze fabric softener in one small Pac. It's as simple as that! I love them and I definitely reccomend them (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the sample if Tide Pods with Febreeze for the first time! I love this product and have purchased it since. I tried it on a load of clothes that had a few stains. Tide Pods not only got the stains out on the first try but my clothes came out of the dryer smelling fresh and clean! Love that it is all in one. No more messy liquids! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked how easy it was to use the tide pods. Switching to them would definitely save the mess from everyone measuring their powder or liquid and spilling it. As I am a bit sensitive to scented things I would probably look for them in a different scent or unscented. Other than that, the pod cleaned just as well as regular Tide. I would definitely recommend switching to pods. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(331, 335, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product! The combination of Febreze and it's fresh, lasting scent along with the powerful cleaning ability that Tide is known for makes for an exceptional detergent that left my clothes, sheets and towels clean and smelling great. The scent is not too strong but just enough to know that it's got a touch of Febreze in there. I would recommend this to anyone looking for a great smelling detergent that will get your clothes clean the first time! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(124, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods with febreeze were a great surprise to use. I chose to do my towel laundry with it. The best thing about it was the long lasting freshness provided by the febreeze. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sent a sample of Tide with Febreeze pods in the mail and tried it on a load of laundry. I loved the scent it left on my towels and the laundry came out cleaner than when I used liquid laundry detergent. I would recommend this product to anyone. It is so easy to use. Just toss it in the washer with your clothes and walk away. No spills, no measuring. The perfect amount any time. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a college student and before these Tide PODS, I could never get my laundry just right. Now I dont have to worry!! I just plop it in and let it do its thing!', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thank you Fabletics for sending the sample, really loved the product, I'm leaving now to buy more Tide Pods!", {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently tried Tide PODS Plus Febreze and it was a really positive experience the product worked very well and made my clothes really clean and smell amazing. I have always loved the tide brand when they added Frebreze I thought that was a very creative and modern idea that turned out to be very successful and effective in my laundry routine. Since receiving Tide PODS Plus Frebreze sample to try for free I have bought a Full size pack because I liked the results so much I needed to purchase this product as soon as possible. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid Pods with Frebreeze was nothing like I have ever used before. I was always hesitant to try the pod style of liquid detergents. The Tide brand was one that I used to use more frequently but had switched from due to other brands having better smell. I have never had a problem with the performance of Tide products. These pods were awesome. They cleaned and did the job like a normal detergent without having to guess or measure how much product to use. The smell was also fantastic. I had spilled tomato soup on a pair of jeans and they came out with no remnants of the stain. Would without a doubt recommend this product to friends and family. I have also switched to pods for good. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide as my go-to detergent and Febreze as my go-to air freshener for many years. The Tide pods have the advantage of being 'portion-controlled' (pre-measured correctly for one load of wash), easy to use (no dripping, lifting heavy jugs) and performing beautifully, giving clothes a superior clean (as Tide always does) and a lovely scent (fresh and beautiful) as Febreze does with their air and fabric freshening products. Recommended. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think Tide is the best laundry detergent I have ever used. I've tried Tide pods before but I had never tried Tide Pods+Febreze Botanical Mist....at least not until yesterday. I love it. My clothes smell so good and clean and the stains came out of my children's clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love tide pods and the febreze sent. My laundry comes out clean and fresh smelling. Having runners in the family they can leave the smelliest laundry to be washed and the Tide pods with Febreeze is the perfect solution to fresh smelling. Thank you Tide!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(173, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide! The freshness it provides is amazing.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely loved the smell that the Tide pods has. It's a very clean scent and not only makes my clothes smell nice, but also can be smelled throughout the house while doing laundry.", {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After receiving a free sample of Tide Pods with Febreeze, I used it and had no skin issues from it and loved the scent!', {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lights are much brighter and colors stay true. Also great that TP+4 does it all...saves time. Thank you Tide for making laundry day less of a chore.', {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS Plus Febreze is Perfect and easy to use. I have finally found a laundry detergent that doesn't make a mess and cleans my clothes with a fresh scent! Why NOT give this product a try!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Still got the Tide clean with the ease of a pod and the scent without having to remember to use softener in the rinse cycle.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product really delivered! I trust the Tide name, and the Tide plus Fabreeze pods really cleaned and deodorized my workout clothes. Love the smell!', {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pod is very convenient, I love using it I have been a user of Tide products for a long time', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide Pods before and other similar products. The are awesome at cleaning the clothes and are super easy to use.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Tide with Febreze, The Pod makes it even easier. I am a FF paramedic and this is easy to store in my locker at work.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really enjoy using Tide products. I don't use any other brands.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Tide pods with Febreze, all the time, my cloths are clean and smell great. Even my puggies love the smell and nuzzle their bedding everytime . Thank you Tide...', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These pods are so easy to use, and make my laundry feel and smell so clean and fresh! I first tried them on a load of towels and sheets, and I was sold. I definitely recommend Tide PODS + Febreeze!', {'entities': [(176, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is hands down the best brand detergent. Tide PODS plus Febreeze are super easy to use - plus they smell great!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the Tide Pods! They are super convenient make laundry a breeze. Not to mention, the Frebreze scent they leave on your clothes, Excellent product!', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I grew up using this product. My Mother was sworn by using Tide. I can still remember the Song from the 70's", {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Plain and simple, tried nearly all the detergents and found Tide cleans best, including tough stains, leaving laundry smelling fresh and feeling soft.', {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Tide Pods for the past few years since I live at my University and it's so convenient to use. Adding the Febreze to the product made my clothes smell 10x better and fresher!", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is exactly what I needed.......You want loose with the Tide Pods (febreeze) you use........excellent. I love it and you will too. There is nothing to loose everything to gain.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You are going to LOVE the combination and convenience of Tide Pods with the wonderful scent of Fabreeze. Dynamic Duo. I am definitely going to purchase some when time to fill the laundry cupboard.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide still going strong has out done itself fresh scent is unbelievable. Febreeze is awsesome.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is a great detergent but I don't use it because it is outside of my budget. This product cleaned well, but there was too much fragrance to use in clothes so I used it on my throw rugs.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used cheaper brands because I thought there was no difference, I was wrong! Tide makes my clothes smell and look better!', {'entities': [(90, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These Tide PODS are nice because I don't have to measure the detergent, and there is no waste because it has the right amount in one POD.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide and Febreze makes a great combination! I like the idea of combining Tide and Febreze', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love these pods, my most recent purchase of Tide + 4 Odor Defense, in the Active Fresth scent is my favorite!', {'entities': [(46, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I switched to Tides 4 in 1 pac after I used the regular tide pods. The 4 in 1 pac gets the stain out, fresh and keeps color from fading. These are the 3 reasons I used the Tide 4 in 1 pac.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best detergent in the world .. The clothing is always clean and on point. You do not have to suffer with stain and things like that. I will recommend this product to every parent put there!! The best brand , you clothing will always smell good, fresh and clean!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Love tide pods! Tide removes tough stains the best, The pods are so convenient easy, no messy bottle, and the added febreze makes even my husband's dirty work clothes smell great! Tide just makes my clothes feel so clean! I would LOVE to recieve samples in the mail of any tide products This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Laundry Products are the most perfect for my clothes and other washables. Now with the Tide Pods it makes laundry time Fun and adds a boost of happiness and loads of Smiles. I just love Tide and it's other companions, make my laundry time bubbly, sparkling and shiny. I give it 5 stars and 1 more smiley little star. Tide products in my opinion is the Best .", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Works great on everything from grungy dirty construction clothes to red mud that had been ground into my son's jeans from pulling my car out of it! Both of these things I really thought they would be ruined but Tide pods work wonders on the dirt and mud.Smells fresh and clean longer than any other laundry detergent I have used before. Really great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(211, 215, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So fresh and clean ahhhhh The clean of Tide and the freshness of Febreeze is a match made in Clean Heaven', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this product. It's all I use! I use it on all my grandkids clothes. Tide gets the stains out even after sitting for a few days. Keeps clothes brighter also!!", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had a coupon and have used Tide before but thought I wanted to try it with the frebreze for my sheets and bed linens. I was so pleased with the the purchase. The sheets and bed linens were clean as I expected but crawling between the sheets was so relaxing and the smell so relaxing I will surely purchase again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are a burst of heavenly detergent pods that smells really wonderful and releases a long-lasting scent on all the fabrics I wash.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes smell really good. I only use Tide, adding febreeze makes it even better', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the convenience these pods offer and the scent is wonderful. Of course Tide always gets my clothes the cleanest!', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide pods w/Febreeze. The laundry smells fresher and cleaner and the Tide gets out stains much better than other detergents.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is Perfect for me to use! Very gentle to my cloth. Great quality and value. Big fan of Tide products in general!', {'entities': [(100, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide PODS Plus Febreeze are wonderful. They are so easy to use, plus, it leaves my clothes smelling amazing without using any other product.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the sample of the Tide pod and was pleasantly surprised by how clean and fresh everything came out. I was very happy with the convenience of just tossing it in rather than measuring.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only recently used a sample of Tide PODS plus Febreze, so I haven't purchased it yet. It smells great...nice and fresh! It cleans well, just like always, but now it's a concentrated product!", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Makes doing laundry so much better. Amazes me how far we have come. GOOOOO Tide!!!!', {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to use gain flings under the assumption that they are a less expensive version of tide pods. They aren't. Tide pods are far superior. The clothes come out smelling fresh and stay fresh longer.", {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreze made my clothes cleaner than my old detergent and The Febreze made them smell better than ever!!!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great idea. Love the results. I love Tide products.', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Tide pods in my new front loader.... so easy and convenient.... Never put in too much now.... The addition of Febreze is wonderful.... Thanks', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoyed using the Tide pods with Febreze scent, because the product did an amazing job. After using it, my clothes were very clean and it smelled great! I will definitely buy this product again.', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find the PODs to be quite convenient and economical. Tide is always my first choice for my laundry and the Tide with Febreeze is absolutely wonderful to touch and smell.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the smell. Cleans as great as all Tide products. Easy to use, works in any temperature of water.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have an extra large washer (4.3 cubic feet) and I was worried that one little pod would not be enough for one of my LARGE loads. Boy was I in for a shock. Not only did this little thing clean everything efficiently, but somehow they managed to pack a whole lot of scent in this tiny pod. The smell is not over powering, but it's strong enough to breathe in as you pull your laundry out of the dryer, and it sticks to the garments long after they've been washed! My California King down alternative comforter still smells amazing even though it's been two weeks since I last washed it. And the best part is ONE POD got it sparkling white again. I do have to add softener to the wash still (it's not a part of the pods - which if you have anyone in your family who has eczema, this is a GOOD thing!) but that's perfectly fine with me. If you have a front loader (I used to, but I went back to top loading after a while) and you have problems with mildew in the door, it could be caused from using TOO MUCH SOAP which leaves soap scum in the rubber seal of the door, and allows mildew to grow on it. This happens frequently if you use soap that is NOT made for an H.E. washer!! I had this problem with our front loader (which is part of the reason we went back to top loading when we bought our new washer). These pods however, help prevent that. They're made for H.E. machines AND they only give as much soap as needed, no matter the load size - I think this has a lot to do with how easily the soap inside of them breaks down in the wash. They work well if you're using all cold water or all hot water or a mix of the two. I haven't found a reason to complain about these yet!! With every load I've ever done I always use softener in the wash AND a dryer sheet in the dryer. I followed the same routine with the pods (softener in the wash, dryer sheet in the dryer) and I still say the scent with the pods is STRONGER than it has ever been with regular detergent. I love, love, love these little pods!! I am hooked for life!! I can't wait to try the other scents Tide offers! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(2064, 2068, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ok, so I was super stoked when I recieved this particular Bzz Kit as I'm a huge laundry fanatic. I'll start by saying, I'm a religous Gain user and am really big on scent as well. I do at least 5-8 loads of laundry each week, including bedding and towels. I've used Tide in the past and while it works ok, I never found it to be the very best and preferred the smell of Gain. I did my first small load, brights, with one Tide Pod, and was pleasantly surprised. I specifically chose brights so I could see if there really was a difference. After finishing my first load, the scent was better than any Tide I've previously used, but I really noticed a difference in the look of the laundry. The clothes, overall, looked a more vibrant after the wash. The colors were actually brighter and the stains... GONE! The load was made up predominantly of my 6 year old daughters clothes, as they easily get the dirtiest. I did NO pre-treatment of the stains on her shirts (koolaid, brownish who knows what, food, drinks and I dare not guess the rest) and was able to get most stains to disappear using only the Tide Pod. I also didn't notice any kind of skin reaction on any of the household members leading me to believe the detergent itself is fairly gentle and enjoyed the addition of the Febreeze scent as well. While I wouldn't give it 1, I would definitely say it's a close 2nd in the wide world of laundry. Overall, this item did a great job of cleaning and brightening the clothes. I personally would recommend this laundry detergent if you're looking to get a good overall clean, good/lasting scent, and/or brighter clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(266, 270, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Last night I curled up in bed in my recently laundered sheets using Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist and was struck by the amazing difference from washing with my regular detergent. I will start with the fresh scent - it is really nice. Not overpowering, not smelling like perfume or chemicals. It was just right. In addition to the wonderful scent, the laundry was nicely soft, and well cleaned. I had a few spots on some of the clothes that came off nicely. There was no detergent detergent residue on the clothing which I have sometimes experienced with other detergents. There was no static in the laundry when I removed it from the dryer. Using the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist couldn't be easier. They come in individual capsules that contain both detergent and fabric softener. The pod capsule dissolves in the water during laundry. The pre-made capsule was extremely simple to use - no measurement required. And the results were outstanding. I highly recommend the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist for the simplicity of use and great results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just received my Bzz Kit in the mail last week. When I opened the box, I was asked so what did you get this time I said Laundry Detergent!!! This past weekend I used the Tide Pods Plus Febreze in Botanical Rain. This Tide Pod Smelled Amazing!!! I used this Tide Pod to wash my bed sheets, I also threw my downy ball in with it. My bed sheets came out smelling so good and fresh I could not wait to go to bed that night. I have used regular Tide before, but I think I will be switching to the PODs. The Pods seem to be easier than pouring the detergent out. Also, when my mom stopped over while i was washing my bed sheets, she said my house smelled amazing. I told her I was trying out the Tide Pods that I received from BzzAgent FREE and she said she will be going to the store to try them as well because my house smelled so good from the Tide Pod. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(172, 176, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always wanted to use the Tide Pods but I didn't want to buy a pack and risk not liking them. So when this bzzagent came around I was really excited! I always have at least one load of laundry to do so when I got my package I immediately started a load using the tide plus febreze! I was very impressed by the smell of the clothing when I opened the washing machine. They smelled so fresh! I was always worried that the pod wouldn't break correctly and would get all over my clothes in a bad way. I'm happy to say that didn't happen both times I used them! Once I dried the clothes is when I was really impressed. Stains that I thought were impossible to remove were now gone and the good smell didn't go away! They were always super easy to use! I didn't have to measure anything out and pour in. All I had to do was throw the whole pod in with my clothes and start my machine which is wonderful when I have a crying baby at my legs. I would recommend this product to everyone! They work well and are super easy! Can't go wrong with that! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide Pods when I did laundry yesterday and they were great! My clothes came out clean and smelling great! The spots from my three old playing came out without a problem! I have an HE washer and one pod was enough to do a full load which makes it convenient in measuring everything. Just throw one in, add Downy, and hit start! Very Easy especially as busy as I am This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thanks to BzzAgent and Tide, I was able to try the New Tide Pods + Febreze. The 4-in-1 feature is wonderful and includes detergent, stain remover, brightener, and the freshness of Febreze. All features I would want while washing the laundry. I do 4+ loads of laundry every week and these pods made my life soo much easier. They are so quick and easy to drop into a load of laundry - no measuring necessary and no spilling! It has left my laundry bright and clean along with smelling fantastic and soo fresh. The scent seems to stay longer than regular liquid detergent. The pods are color safe and did not fade the colors and at the same time it made the white more brighter. I always was a fan of Tide brand and been using it since I've started doing laundry, and this new Tide Pods has now replaced the liquid Tide Detergent that I've been buying for many years. I highly recommend everyone to try it out at least once and see the difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Being an army wife, the stinky PTs and Army uniforms have to be washed once a week if not twice.... if you wash them too much they get worn out quickly. So they ALWAYS stink! Tried my free Tide PODS Plus Febreze this week specifically for the uniforms....days later NO stink! Going to have to buy these from now on!!! Two days of wearing the same uniform, and they still smell febrezy! Can't wait to see how long this scent lasts :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(189, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods Plus Febreze were just as I would expect a Tide product to be. I just tossed the pod into the washer and it made my clothes fresh and clean with just the right amount of scent. I am sensitive to strong scents, so it was nice to try a product that didn't give me a migraine and was super convenient and easy to use. My only concern is that my washer is in the garage and I'm afraid the Florida humidity would ruin the pods if they were left out there for a large amount of time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a single mom of 2, one being a 7 year old boy, laundry is one of my arch nemesis. I either never get a chance to do it, or put it in and forget about it until I walk in the laundry room a few days later and can smell the mildew. Well, I have found a saving grace. I love the Tide PODS plus fabreeze. Just as a test, I purposely left the clothes in the washer overnight clean into the next day... they still smelled amazing. No mildew smell and the fabreeze scent had not faded. Even my son's stinky baseball uniform (the socks are a creature of their own) full of dirt and chalk came out smelling clean and refreshing. I was impressed these PODS could remove even a 7 year old boy smell. I have already went out and bought a container of PODS to use from now on... I have found my laundry saving grace. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(278, 282, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Oh. My. Gosh. I am very partial to tide. Have been for a very long time. And I also looooove febreeze. So when these two smooshed together I almost had a heart attack. Haha OK, not really but I mean COME ON. Genius! You get the unbeatable clean that you can only get with tide PLUS the amazing scent that only febreeze can put out. I wash clothes with this and my clothes smell amazing and the smell is so strong that my house smells amazing as well. Tide-Febreeze match up is seriously the best thing ever. I'm only mad that they didn't think of this sooner!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(451, 455, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think these are awesome!!! No measuring, no multiple bottles to deal with, no mess! Very impressed with these. They didn't leave any unwanted residue from the pod on my clothes which is great! I was really worried about this after trying the Glade Flings. These Tide Pods left my clothes smelling amazing!! I will definitely be making a purchase of these really soon. So thankful for the opportunity to try these before purchasing. My clothes came out looking bright and smelling nice!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(264, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love the brand Tide There liquid form cleans and works great. So when these pods came out I tried them and loved them. No measuring and no mess. Just pop a Pod in and thats it. These little suckers make your clothes very clean and smelling oh so good . I use these all tjh time now. Give it a try! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Since I tried Tide pods I have never gone back. Not only is it easier to not mess with measuring liquid detergent but I don't have to worry about the mess. Now that Tide has partner with Frebreze it makes my laundry even better and smells so fresh. I will continue to use Tide Pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain are truely amazing it left my sheets smelling amazing it's been four days and the smell is still there the freshness it just amazing and the fact that it last so long is great, I already went and bought the biggest pack they had so that I don't run out and I can see myself sticking with this product for the rest of my life I really do love it and my husband loves it as well! . defiantly a keeper. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Everyone should know how awesome your clothes will smell after using these Tide PODS plus Febreze. I am used to using detergents that leave little to no smell on them afterwords and you can't even tell if they've been washed. After using these pods my clothes smelled like a slice of heaven and I was even complimented by someone in the check out line. The woman literally looked at me and said you smell so fresh! Not only do they leave your clothes smelling wonderful but these PODS leave a nice softness to your clothing. The PODS are convenient and you can take them on the go whether you are traveling, headed to the laundry mat, or a student in a dorm room. Your clothing will also come out looking bright and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of the Tide Pods+febreze Botanical Mist, I love them! This is now going to be my new laundry detergent. The smell is amazing and it last for days so your clothes keep the fresh washed smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was not expecting that much from such a small pod. Another gimmick I thought. Really glad I got to try this product because I am a fan. Small pod but very powerful. Left my laundry nice and clean and smelling fresh. My laundry room smelled like laundry heaven. My husband who is in charge of laundry became a fan too. I think Tide Pods plus Febreze mist converted us to the new way of doing laundry. Our little guy is happy too that he will no longer ruin his nice clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(328, 332, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think it's a worthy Tide product. The Pod was able to clean our clothes well. The scent of the Tide POD plus Febreze is fresh and enjoyable. The Pod was able to clean our clothes well. It works well for myself and my husbands clothes. However, because of sensitivity allergies I'm unable to use scented laundry on my childrens' clothes. I like the ease of being able to just throw in a single pod and not have to measure anything or deal with heavy detergent bottles. Definitely lives up to the Tide name brand. I think that it would be very easy to use these Pod products for family vacations in which one would have access to doing their own laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love love LOVE TidePodsPlusFebreeze! The product smells amazing! I decided to tackle white grass stained baseball pants with one single pod and NO bleach...major success! The pants look brand new. GotItFree thanks to BzzAgent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide Pods today and i don't think my clothes have ever smelled that fresh before! The pod cleaned a large load with no problem and left all the clothes smelling amazing! great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide plus Febreeze Botanical Mist pods are wonderful. I used them to wash my husbands uniforms which are very dirty and greasy from working with printers. Tide is a wonderful stain lifter and got all the uniforms clean! Plus the scent was AHmazing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mom used to use the Gain original scent powdered laundry detergent when I was younger so that one gave me an instant memory of being a kid which was very heart warming. I really loved the smell of Tide PODS plus febreze in Botanical rain scent. It's probably the freshest smell I've used for laundry care products. I really like how convenient the PODS packs are!! You don't make a mess while pouring it into your washer!! Even after you dry your clothes the smell stays. I haven't used the PODS before now but after using them I'm switching for sure! I have used the Downy unstopables before but not this one. It's one of my new favorites :)GotItFree TodePods LaundryInnovation GainFlings DownyFreshProduct This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used one of the Tide pods for my winter blankets before I put them to sleep for the summer and I could not believe how incredibly wonderful they smelled! I wish it was winter so that I could use them on my bed again! Love, love, love the scent and couldn't get enough of how clean and fresh my blankets looked. Top Star!!! Gotitfree TidePods Unbelievablygood This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods were fantastic!! I loved this detergent it works great to get out the stains in my clothes and it didn't leave the detergent stain like liquid detergent does. I was not sure if this product would work with my high efficiency machine but it worked great. This smells wonderful and I liked it so much!I would highly recommend this to anyone, the detergent is a must to have! I will definitely buy these because they are so convenient to just throw in and not have to pour and measure the detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product is amazing. I've always been a fan of all Tide, so when I got the request to join this campaign I was so excited. I am definitely not disappointed. The pods and work wonderfully, and make my clothes smell that much better! Will definitely be getting more!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The tide pods did an amazing job cleaning the clothes and not fading the fabric. I love the smell! It's been a refreshing scent all day and hasn't even faded slightly. I will forever be buying Tide :-) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(193, 197, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods + Febreze are fantastic: -Take up less room in your laundry room then big containers of laundry detergent and fabric softener -Quick and easy to toss in the washer - takes less time and less energy than traditional laundry detergent and fabric softener -Less mess is involved with the pods -I love the scent - my laundry loads smell great (I prefer this scent to the Gain Fling) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods plus febreeze are so convenient and easy to use! I love how you just throw them in the washer and then pile your clothes in. Having a 10 month old, I often don't have a lot of time to spend doing laundry, and the less mess there is the better. Also the smell of botanical rain that was included in my bzz kit was nothing short of amazing! I caught myself smelling the laundry as I folded it, and then again as i hung the things back in my closet. I was at a meeting with a client and even had them comment on how fresh I smelled, which had to be the detergent! I will definitely be recommending them to everyone I know, and purchasing more in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS Plus Febreze in Botanical mist are amazing. Your clothes come out clean, and the smell is a very fresh scent. The scent is light and refreshing not overpowering. Also the pods dissolved completely and there was no residue left behind. I washed two loads of clothes with this product and they came clean, light, and refreshing. I will be replacing my regular Tide with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that the clothes I wear smells better and the colors look great. I feel better wearing clothes because I know they're clean. Tide is amazing I love to use it and it works with hard or soft water.Downy made my clothes feel good and the smell isn't that bad I know they don't smell period now. Gain helped with the bleeding colors. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been against tide. Thought, oh it's just the same as the other brands just cost way more! And all they want is your money. Using these proved me wrong for sure. Of all the products these were my favorite. My clothes smelled so good and felt so much cleaner! I now know I won't be buying the generic stuff anymore. Tide has me hooked! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(326, 330, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So, here in Texas we have RIDICULOUSLY hot summer days. I mean, whole body soaked and dripping sweat type of days and things can get really smelly really fast. This weekend was a hotter one plus we were doing things outside so when we came back in we all smelled like Swamp Thing. I washed a large load same night with ONE Tide+Febreze sample I received for free courtesy of BZZAgent. That one little pack cleaned all of the dirt and grime and yuckiness off of our clothes and you just couldn't escape the smell!! The whole house smelled like fresh laundry! The few extra dollars that I would spend getting Tide+Febreze is ABSOLUTELY worth it this summer. Tide+Febreze are a match made in laundry heaven! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(323, 327, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Tide Pods with Febreze Botanical Mist. I have always been a bit skeptical about spending a bit more on laundry detergent because it smells nice. But I'm converted! These pods smell really fresh and the fragrance lasts until the next wash. It makes you feel good when you smell so fresh and clean all the time. I like sending my son and husband out with their clothes smelling so lovely and fresh. In addition, these pods do a really awesome job of cleaning the clothes. They were lovely and clean and also nice and soft. I think these pods take great care of the laundry. I tried it on a variety of different fabrics and it worked great on all of them. Although, this was a free trial from BzzAgent. I would definitely get these Tide Pods with Febreze again. They make other laundry detergents seem ordinary. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got this product from my VoxBox as complimentary to test/review. I always use powder detergent for washing and I always felt it is the most easy one to use. But I used this Tide pods a couple of times now and I really liked it. The smell was pleasant and fresh. I didn't use it for clothes with hard stains yet, but I washed our regular laundry with this. It was so easy to use.. just pop the pods with laundry and start the washer. It gave our clothes a clean and nice fresh scent. Overall, loved this product and I would definitely recommend anyone to try it.", {'entities': [(175, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Tide and now I love Tide Pods! Laundry is so easy and Tide Pods with Febreeze make my clothes smell fabulous!', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tide Pods Plus Febreze is amazing! They really leave your clothes and sheets smelling amazing when the laundry is done and the wonderful smell lingers for while!', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this product to try for free from Tide and influenster. I absolutely loved this product. It cleans and makes my clothes smell awesome!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Tide Pods. They are very simple to use. Just throw them in washer and forget about them! Clothes come out looking clean and smelling wonderful. I always want my clothes to smell nice but I feel like with most detergents the smell fades by the time they are out of the dryer. This is not the case with these pods. The wonderful scent sticks with clothes and that's what I like most about them. Although I received a free sample of this product, the opinions expressed here are my own.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually buy just the liquid tide, but after using the Tide PODS I will never go back! The pods are so easy to use, my clothes are soft and smell amazing! I have been asked several times what am I washing my clothes with because people love the smell!! This product is amazing and worth every penny!', {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product from Influenster for testing purposes and I'm so glad that I did because it works great and my clothes come out perfectly washed. Tide is the only brand of detergent that we use in my house and now that Tide and Febreze have teamed up to make this product, we love it even more! It makes my clothes smell great and I am confident that my clothes are completely clean after using my Tide Pods Plus Febreze!", {'entities': [(154, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My entire family has always used Tide. Tide Pods make it so much easier to do laundry in a dorm. They are very convenient, and you only need to bring the amount you'll need, as opposed to a huge bottle of detergent. And they work just as well as the detergent does! I was using Tide Free Pods until I received the PODS Plus Febreze to test and review from Influenster. I will definitely start using these regularly. The scent lasts forever (two weeks for my comforter), and they keep colors AND whites bright. Not to mention they smell AMAZING.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have sensitive skin so I usually buy Tide Free. Well when I received the package of Tide Pods with Febreeze Laundry Detergent, I was unsure. I decided to try them out on my towels first. The first load smelled amazing and was very clean. I did not have to use dryer sheets. I decided to try them out on my sheets and blankets. They smelled wonderful and were very clean as well. I would definitely recommend this product to my friends. The towels, sheets, and blankets did not irritate my skin. I love tide! TidePods I tested this product for free, but all opinions are your own.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my free sample of Tide PODS Plus FebreIze in the mail thanks to influenster and I love them!! My clothes smell absolutely amazing and they stay smelling fresh for days!! I would recommend this product to everyone and plan on buying this product again!!', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Botanical Rain scent TidePods with Febreze in my XOVoxBox from Influenster to try for free in exchange for my honest opinion. I was skeptical at first because the scent was very strong coming out of the bag. To test how strong the scent would be after the laundry is done, I did a load of towels first and I was very impressed with the results. The scent was much more pleasant and less strong after the towels were dry and they were very clean. I have since used the pods on regular clothes as well and they do a great job! All of the stains are gone and it is so quick and effortless to just throw a pod in after filling up the washer. While I will not completely replace my liquid detergent with these, I think that they will make a great addition for when I am in a rush or away from home. I highly recommend these!', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the product(s) complimentary to test and/or review from Influenster. I do love how these little pods work so wonderfully and my laundry had such a nice and clean scent. I love the fact that I can save space and storage instead of those large bulky heavy gallons.I love that it doesn't spill,no mess,Thanks Tide.Tide Tide", {'entities': [(317, 321, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got a free sample of Tide pods, and they are amazing! I've used Tide for a while and loved but these are even better. My clothes smell fresher for longer, and less dull. I also feel that I'm not wasting detergent using pre-measured pods vs just pouring liquid detergent. I will be using these now over liquid!", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used these pods for a few weeks and love them. I love that I can just throw it into the washer and know my clothes will come out clean. The scent is great as it is not over powering but you can smell it. I absolutely love these Tide pods. I received this product from Influenster to review test but opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(235, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I adore Tide Pods. They're simple to use and always produce fantastic results. They dissolve completely, and make preparing loads of laundry incredibly easy (not to mention mess-free!). Highly recommended for any and everyone. I had the opportunity to test Tide Pods with Febreze for Influenster, and I'll never go back to liquid detergent again.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love the PODS. It makes doing laundry so much easier (as opposed to dealing with messy liquid or powdered detergents). The PODS with Febreeze add such a nice, fresh scent to my laundry, and I just can't get enough. I would certainly recommend these to a friend. *I received the Tide PODS Plus Febreeze for a discount in exchange for my honest, unbiased review.*", {'entities': [(291, 295, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always been my go to brand of laundry detergent. It gets the job done better than any other brand I have tried. When I saw that Tide and Febreze made a product together I about passed out! My two very favorite scents have be united together for one amazing product. What more could I ask for in life! I love the little pods.They are so easy to store and convenient to store. Just grab one and pop it in the washer. No hassle of measuring and spilling. Not only did my laundry come out clean as a whistle it also smelled SO GOOD! As did my whole house! In fact I could still smell the Febreze Tide scent on my laundry days later.I highly recommend this product to everyone who has to deal with doing laundry. It makes a mundane task a little better :) I received Tide Pods plus Febreeze complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods with Febreze are a quick and easy way to get my stinkiest work out clothes smelling fresh. I love not having to measure out soap, which usually leads to me dripping it everywhere and making a mess. Just popped a pod in my machine with my dirty clothes and everything was taken care of! I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. I was so excited when I knew this Tide will be on my Voxbox. I always love usingTide and this product did not fail me!! I sooooo love this product!!! I so love how it smells..super good and it cleans my laundry. and it is very convenient to use,no mess compared to the usual liquid laundry detergents. I highly recommend this Tide Pods!', {'entities': [(116, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I grew up using Tide. It's a brand I trust. However I've never tried the Tide PODS Plus Febreze. Upon opening the bag, I was met with a very fresh scent. Once popping them in the wash, there wasn't anything to measure. The laundry smelled great out the wash and kept the scent fresh from the dryer. I really love this product. I received the Tide PODS for testing and review purposes.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide, because I love the way it cleans and the smells. However, Tide has gone above and beyond by adding Febreeze to their product. Even my boyfriends stinky work clothes come out smelling great.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE Tide pods with febreze! SO FRESH! TidePods with Febreze I received these products complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. Tide - Use these on my workout clothes and they are AHhhmazing!!! I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods plus Febreze is incredible! It gets my clothes clean as I would expect from Tide but the Febreze added just makes them smell fresh. It is a fresh smelling scent that is long lasting. It makes me happy to know I can give my family fresh smelling clean clothes. Super easy and simply to use these pods, just throw them in and they do the rest. I received this product to test for free from Influenser, but all opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods plus Febreze are my new favorite! I was so excited to try these out, that I fast tracked my laundry day, just to see how well these worked. I was so impressed with the lasting power of the fragrance. With other pods of any brand, the scent is not noticeable, not even when you first remove your clothes from the dryer. My clothes stayed vibrant, smelled great, and felt soft after washing with just one pod. That is why they're my new favorite. I highly recommend these, and can not wait to start seeing them in stores. I received this product free, in exchange for my honest opinion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Tide Pods Plue Febreze in my Influenster box. Although I heard about Tide Pods before I was skeptical that a little pod could do much, but I was excited to try. Right when I opened the package the air around me immediately smelled my Febreze and I was just hoping some of that smell would be on my clothes. When I took my clothes out of the dryer I knew that Tide Pods were the real deal, my clothes smelled AMAZING and felt soft and looked clean. I would have never guessed that a little pod packed such a big punch. I am so glad I got to try Tide Pods Plus Febreze because I have now found an amazing product I will buy in the future!', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am in love with these new Tide PODS. I have always used Tide, along with other detergents here and there. I have also used Febreze over the years. The marriage of these two is perfect. I love the way my clothes feel and smell when they come out of the washer dryer. I'll definitely be buying more of these. I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was skeptical about this product, in Tide Pods in general but those two little pods I used in my extra large load convinced me otherwise. It's really does an amazing job. It really cleaned, brightened, and took the tough stains out. It smells good but the scent doesn't linger as much as I thought it would, but it's okay. Overall great product, really happy with the results. *I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.", {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Okay so a few weeks ago I received a free package of Tide PODS with Febreze to write reviews about. Oh. My. GOD!!! I doubt that I will EVER go back to using liquid detergent! I had heard plenty of people going on and on about how amazing and convenient they were, but I was so stuck on using the liquid detergent. You know.. Keeping it old school! When I first opened the bag of pods, I was kind of taken aback as to how lovely they smelled! Everything smelled so clean! I didn't know how many we were supposed to put in the washer so I figured one would do the trick with a load of towels. Again, oh man! For a long time, I had been washing my towels with EXTRA detergent and NEVER had they come out smelling so good! I definitely recommend using these life changing pods...I know I will! The product tested was sent to me in my XOVoxBox by Influenster I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.", {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a skeptic. honestly how can a little pod clean my families dirty laundry well Tide with Febreeze pods CAN! These little Pods of Amazingness and super easy to use and leave a amazing Febreeze scent to linger on our clean clothes! This was heaven sent! these littel miracle pods are now all i will use! thanks! Itested this product for free, but all opinions are your own.', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tidepod Febreze! My clothes come out smelling great and also looking it too. These are so easy to use, just take one out and throw it in the washer and your ready to go.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am so in love! These little pods give you a 4 in 1 whammy - detergent, stain remover, brightener and softener. You know what that means No more extra bottles of each. Just one pod for regular loads or two pods for a large load will clean, remove stains, brighten and soften your laundry. I love it. No more mess, no spills, just one pod! It is easy, convenient and the rewards are amazing. My laundry looks refreshed and smells great! What more could you want for your laundry! My XOVoxBox from Influenster included Tide Pods Plus Febreze for testing and review purposes. This review is 100 my own. Thank you Influenster and Tide for this great opportunity! TidePods', {'entities': [(518, 522, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have used a few different pod packs and I will admit that Tide Pod s with Febreze are by far the best! I grew up on my Mom using Tide and the only reason we haven't used it in our family is the cost (although worth it) is more than we are able to spend. But in saying that I would recommend this product to anyone. The smell is awesome and lasts on the clothes I wore right afterward, as well as clothes I didn't wear for a few days. My husband is big into our laundry 'smell' and he was very impressed also. Definitely worth the price he felt.", {'entities': [(61, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received TidePods with Febreeze from Influenster to test for free. I found them to be very easy, efficient, and good quality! I simply threw them in the wash and then left it to run. My clothes came out smelling fresh and clean-easy as can be!', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked this item, in my house we already use the Tide Pods but I really enjoyed plus Febreze part. It leaves your laundry smelling so fresh - like it was just taken out of the dryer each time you take something from your drawer or closet. Thumbs up too this product! I will be purchasing this in the future!', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Tide PODS Plus Febreeze for the past couple of weeks, and I love them! When I do laundry I want it to be quick and easy, and it doesn't get much easier than throwing in a Tide POD! I much prefer these PODS to measuring out liquid or powder laundry detergent. And these PODS are powerful! Our clothes have been so clean and fresh-smelling! I did receive this product for free for testing purposes, but the above review and opinion is 100 my own!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a long time Tide Liquid Detergent user and recently received a complimentary bag of TidePods to test and review. I have an HE front-loader washer and normally only use HE-compatible liquid detergent. For this reason I was a little wary of the TidePods but they have worked perfectly with no issues whatsoever. I simply place the TidePod in the far back of the washer BEFORE putting my clothes in and then run a normal wash cycle. My clothes have come out fresh and clean every time! My one complaint is that the tidepods are a fixed size so not ideal if you are doing a small load of wash. For small loads I'm still using my liquid Tide by otherwise I'm happy with TidePods! *Disclosure: I received complimentary TidePods for test/evaluation purposes.*", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a bag of Tide Pods Plus Febreeze from Influenster for testing purposes. As a college student, I've seen plenty of people use these in the dorms. I never really understood it, but after receiving them in this xovoxbox, I realized its because theyre super convenient! Theres no measuring involved, you use one pod for medium (or smaller) loads, and two for your extra large loads. I do enjoy the Botanical Rain scent that the pods have too. Personally I would stick to using Tide's liquid detergent. To me, the scent (although wonderful) didn't seem to be as strong as the liquid detergent is, and for me, that's important. Nothing else smells like clean laundry does. The clothes looked pretty clean to me though, so it looks like the product works great. I can appreciate a product that works towards making a consumers life easier. Personally, Id probably stick to the liquid detergent, but that could also because Im an old lady who is stuck in her ways! Either way, I would feel comfortable recommending this product to my friends. Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a pack of these Tides PODS plus Febreeze free to try and I am very pleased with them! This type of POD product is my preferred method of laundry. Very easy to use and I always have the perfect amount of detergent. The thing that sold me on these is the amazing Febreeze scent. It's infused my clothes with a beautiful scent and I can't stop smelling them as I'm doing the laundry. Might sound silly but it really brings me joy. The cleaning ability is also something to love. They make even thr grungiest of clothes look and smell fresh! Again, I did receive these free to try, but these opinions are all my own! I don't know that I will ever buy liquid detergent again!", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this product free for testing and review in my XO VoxBox through Influenster. I have always loved Tide products but do not use them as often as I would like to due to finances. I can honestly say that I will do what is needed in the future to use this product. Not only did it get my clothes cleaner than my present laundry detergent, but it also left my clothes smelling fantastic. The scent lasted long after hanging the clothes in my closet! I would recommend everyone give this product a try! It is definitely worth it!', {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sent me this product for free to test, but all opinions are my own. This was my first experience using laundry pods and I love how quick and simple it makes doing laundry. Now my clothes always smell amazing (without being overpowering) and Tide PODS Plus Febreze do a much better job at getting my clothes clean then my previous detergent.', {'entities': [(247, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Tide pods product with influenster and i honestly love this product it left my clothing smelling fresh and leaving them looking new. i would recommend Tide to anyone looking for a great product to wash.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tested these products for free and all of my opinions are my own. First, I'd like to point out that the smell is amazing. I'm picky with laundry detergent because my skin is sensitive and normally I have a lot of problems with Tide. However, the smell is strong but not rough on the skin. I loved how easy it was, you just grab a pod and throw it and forget it. I loved it so much that I actually bought a bigger pack of 54. They're not extremely cheap but they're worth it. Love it!", {'entities': [(229, 233, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a huge fan of the smell of clean clothes. I have tried scent boosters, different fabric softeners and detergents to get my clothes smelling they way I like. I have to say after using Tide PODS with Febreeze, my clothes have never smelt better! It is my new favorite product. I will definitely bu this product in the future! I did try it for free, but these opinions are all my own.', {'entities': [(188, 192, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide and I like Febreze. The two together are really something else. It is the only laundry detergent that actually freshens clothes with no extra effort.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide PODS since they were released, and the new scent with Febrile is so nice for spring. I don't know why but to me it smells like a fruit rollup.. throwback! It cleans my clothes and sheets beautifully and leaves a nice fresh and clean scent. There is not measuring or pouring liquid. I would recommend these to anyone! I received these free for testing from Influenster, but would buy them myself!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Laundry is just another task to be accomplished in my house. I want my clothes to be clean and smell good without hours of extra effort getting stains out. The new Tide PODS with Febreze are pretty cool! They help tackle all of the stains my littles throw at their clothes, plus they keep the clothes smelling fresh for days after washing. They do a great job of keeping my clothes looking great without a bunch of extra effort on my part. Now, if only they did not cost so much more than the liquid soap I use, I would be sold! Disclaimer: I got to try this product for free in exchange for my honest review.', {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just finished using the new Tide PODS Plus Febreeze last week on my whites and they are brighter and still smelling good after a full day of wearing them. I will definitely recommended them to everyone.', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a free sample of Tide PODS + Febreeze from Tide and Influenster and I am so glad I did! I never would have tried the pods otherwise. These are amazing! They clean so well and I love the smell of the clothes after they come out of the wash. It also makes the whole house smell amazing when the laundry is going! Will def be purchasing these!', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this as a sample from Influenster and am in love! I previously used gain, but this Tide product actually has a more lasting scent! I wish there was one that was sensitive on little guys!', {'entities': [(94, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own. Tide is no match for blood stains even old ones. My husband works around smokers and we aren't so his clothes when he comes home has a strong smell to them the Tide with Febreze pods got out the smell and now my husband can feel confident going to work not smelling like an ashtray. Bonus it works wonders on grease stains as well.", {'entities': [(61, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide Laundry Detergent, but have never used the Tides Pods until I received a free sample from the Influenster Vox Box. After using these pods, I am completely loving the easiness it is to make your laundry clean and great scented at the same time! The Febreeze scent lasts a long time, it's been over a week and my sheets still smell just as fresh as the day they came out of the wash! My clothes smell as fresh at the end of the day as they do when I first put them on in the morning! I will definitely go to buy these Tides Pods with the Febreeze in them!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used liquid detergent and was hesitant to try a pac, but I am thoroughly impressed! My first impression was the smell when I opened the package, which was amazing! The scent is so clean. I love when scent lasts on clothing. After washing and drying the clothing, it still smelled great. Tide PODS was very easy to use, just toss it in. Much quicker and less messy than liquid detergent. I was also glad that the POD dissolved in cold water. My clothes looked clean and bright and smell great! Tide PODS definitely changed my opinion of using pacs to wash clothing. I tested this product for free, but all opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(301, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide plus Febreeze pods from Influenster for review purposes. I have to say I LOVE these things. They make laundry easier and my clothes come out smelling and feeling great. I do my laundry in a shared laundry mat and it is nice to just grab a few pods to go rather then a bulky bottle to lug with me. I will certainly be purchasing more of these when I run out of my sample. Great job Tide!', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoyed product testing Tide Pods with Febreze. These pods are a very convenient way to do the laundry. Simply take out the required number of pods that you will need and pop them on top of the clothes. No need to measure soap or deal with spills. I loved how wonderful my clothes smelt when they came out of the wash. My clothes came out clean too! * I was given this product for free to try IGotItFree (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of the Tide liquid pods with febreze from the Home Tester Club for review. But in no way does this affect my honest opinions about the product. I have quite a few people in my family and this pod made our clothes smell so fresh and clean! There were some grass stains and clothing from gym wear and all the clothes came out smelling very fresh. I'm very surprised at how soft the clothing was as well. I will be buying this brand again with Febreze. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the convenience of Tide pods with Febreze. It made my clothes smell great. My clothes also came out very clean. My clothes smelled great for an extra long time. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the ease of the product, just pop the pod in and it works its magic! Clean and fresh scent and as usual Tide's quality products make my clothes come out great! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(112, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product for review with the Home Tester Club. I really love the scent and convenience of the pod. I've been a Tide fan for years, so was expecting the same positive results in terms of actual performance, and this product doesn't disappoint. I relaly love the pods for their portability too. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my sample of Tide pods and used it the next day while doing my wash. I was impressed with how clean the clothes were and I loved the scent after they were washed.....it was so fresh and clean smelling! Would definitely recommend these to everyone ! (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my sample of Tide Liquid Pods with Fabreze tried and loved it. It left my clothes smelling fresh for days. I have already purchased this product and will be using this in future as with all Tide products it cleans stains from your clothes and I get the added bonus of the Fabreze scent which I really like. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried this product for the first time and it was a match for me. It is hard these to find a product that you actually love, however Tide Pods was a Love at first sight. The ease of use, no measuring required, the clean smell, the cleanliness of my clothes all contributed to my new Love affair with Tide Pods with Febreeze. Thank you so much. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(134, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked the size, shape and smell of the Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze. I went out and bought some within the first week of trying these. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very pleased with the results of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze. I mostly liked the convenience of just having to pop one in the wash! Now, I will not have the messiness of powders or liquids to deal with. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was lucky enough to try Tide Liquid Pods with Freeze from The Home Tester Club and Tide! I had to do the laundry the day I received my sample, so I seized the moment. I did the usual... threw in the load and then conveniently and easily dropped the pod in. When I took my clothes out of the dryer the first thing I noticed was the great smell. Not to mention it lasted all day! I never tried the pods prior so I did not think anything of it. 10/10 would recommend, it is easy to use and smells wonderful. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze. The smell really dose last a long time. So easy to use you just pop it in your washer and no measuring witch is great. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always been my detergent of choice. It has only gotten better through the years. And the new pods I love the best!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is by far the est product of its kind. It works better than any other product! Gain started coming out with fragrances in their wash powder but then Tide added Fabreeze and made PODS! Just a fabulous product and so much easier to use than powders. thanks!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like how long my laundry stays fresh using Tide with Febreeze', {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always been a great product but now with the pod that makes it so. Easy to use and the Febreze make it a five star products.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When the laundry pod craze first started, I must admit I halfway rolled my eyes and sighed. I honestly didn't believe at all that such a small pod could handle an entire load of laundry. Well, I put the Tide pod + Febreze to the test on my sons clothes. My son is a rough and tumble little guy who always has grass stains and mud splatters. I figured if I was going to try them out, I wanted to see just how well they perform. It wasn't an overly heavy load, so I tossed in one pod and anxiously waited. While the cycle was going I could smell the loveliness of the Febreze which was very pleasant. When the washer finally finished it cycle, I anxiously opened it up expecting to still see stains, but hoping that I'd be proven wrong. I'm delighted to report that I was indeed, shown! Grass stains, history. Mud, banished. Tide has always been one of my favorite brands, but what I absolutely adore about these pods is there is no waste. You cant inadvertently put in too much, or too little detergent. I hate buying a bottle that says 50 loads, and getting nowhere near that many out of it. It couldn't be easier than simply tossing a pod in and going on about your business. I am extremely pleased, and grateful that I got to try these out! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(203, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received these life saving pods about a week ago. I didn't think much of them then, because I wasn't really a pod user. I thought that they were packaged pretty, but inefficient. But boy, was I wrong. It all started when I was reminded of my upcoming anniversary by my S.O. He started to drop hints everywhere, and they all alluded to one thing... A recreation of our first date. I feverishly looked for the dress that I wore 3 years ago. I found nothing, at all. I work a full time job, so the days past, and I forgot about it. Here it was, the day before our anniversary, and I finally got the idea to look in the storage closet. Boom! I found it! But it looked and smelled horrible. It smelled like mothballs and dust. I went into the laundry room only to see that I had used all of my detergent. I panicked! Then I saw the lifesavers! The pods I got in the mail from Bzzagent. I popped a Tide + Febreze Pod in the washing machine, and waited 45 min. And after much meditating an positive thinking, It came out smelling amazing! And the date, the next day was great! What did I like about the product I liked the convenience of it all.The pod had everything in one. Detergent, Fabric Softener , and Stain Fighter. Everything you need. Perfect size to wash a super load of clothes, and breaks down in any temperature of water. I was very satisfied and will be buying in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(894, 898, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide PODS Plus Febreze and I am a HUGE fan. It is just my husband and I at our house, but we go through lots of laundry between work clothes, gym clothes, and pajamas every day. We keep a pretty hectic schedule so throwing a load of laundry in and then literally just throwing a pod into the load is very convenient. Not to mention the smell afterwards was fabulous! I try to be frugal in the detergent department, but I will definitely spend a little extra and purchase these! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide PODS Plus Frebreze detergent pacs is shockingly easy. I couldn't believe how convenient they are and how great they work. Not only were my kids' clothes clean, they also smell great. The Febreze in the pac give is the little extra ump I need for my kids and all their messes. If you have kids you know how dirty and smelly they get. This is definitely a must have. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods+Febreze Botanical Mist are my absolute favorite, the way they make the cloths smell is like you woke up in a Rain Forest....so fresh and they got stains out of my husbands work cloths that I never thought would come out.....love love love them This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely loved the Tide pods! I had previously tried a detergent pod in another brand and wasn't pleased at all but the Tide pods have changed my mind. These dissolved completely and were so easy to use. It was nice to skip the mess of liquid detergent and not have to carry an additional weighty thing to the laundry room. My laundry smelled amazing and I can't wait to wash everything in this scent. I'm officially a convert and will be buying the Tide pods + Febreze in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the first time I have used Tide Pods, and any other pods for that. I am used to using liquid detergent so this was different for me. Instead of filling a compartment with the soap I just threw it in with the clothes, I kinda felt like I was doing it the wrong way. The pods left the clothes smelling fresh and clean right out of the wash. I would recommend this product to friends and family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love that the Tide Pods contain everything I need for my laundry in one easy to use pod. It consists of Tide detergent to wash my clothes with the perfect pre-measured amount, stain remover to fight tough stains, brightener to keep my clothes looking new, and Febreeze to deliver the perfect amount of freshness to last all day long! I love that I can cut spending by having all these laundry necessities in one product. No more measuring , guessing how much detergent to use, or time consuming products to fuss over. Tide Pods are definitely a big part of Laundry Innovation! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods are awesome! I just tried my free sample yesterday and it was amazing! It had an amazing scent, which is still going strong on my clothes well over 24 hours later, and cleaned them so well, my clothes feel refreshed! They are soft and just feel clean. I definitely recommend Tide Pods to anyone who hasn't tried them! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely love tide with downy especially the Plus Febreze scent. I've convinced several friends to use Tide - it works better than the cheaper laundry detergents and is one you can trust. Even the dirty laundry smells fresh at my house. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(107, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely loved this product! It leaves clothes smelling absolutely amazing!! Laundry was actually fun to do! In hanging my clothes up in my room my ENTIRE room smelled fabulous! It gets your clothes clean and adds a heavenly scent that LASTS even through the Florida heat and hot sweaty days at work. I will never go back to using anything else. Tide pods plus Febreeze forever changed the way I do laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(350, 354, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS Plus Febreze, detergent pacs in Botanical Rain, claims to be a 4 in 1 detergent. Cleans deep down, brightens, fights stains and freshens are the claims made by this product. Cleans deep down Yes. I have a lot of shirts that get milk stains from my baby and before when i would wash my clothes or the babys clothes i could still see where the milk stains were, but when i used this pac, i could no longer see them. Brightens Yes. I have a lot of light colored clothes and sometimes they can look a little lifeless from all the washes they go through, specially right after drying i can usually see them fade a bit more, but with this pac i didn't see the color any less faded and some even looked better. Fights stains Yes. I tried this pac on my white pair of jeans that had a dark little grass stain on them and it took it off completely! I was very happy about that because i was thinking that it would just lighten it but it was erased :) And Freshens YES! I was smelling my clothes lol. They were just so clean and fresh smelling, i loved it. It does last all day long while i wear the clothes, so that is a plus:) i hate when the smell fades throughout the day. I would and already have mentioned this product to friends and family :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been a fan of Tide ! And I love Febreze. Voila! Two things I love in one! The pods did an excellent job at cleaning my clothes and keeping them fresh all day long! The pods are so convenient and easy to use! Just throw one in and your done. No more messy liquid spilling all Over the place anymore. They are a bit expensive but if you catch them on sale or have coupons I would stock up! My son had dripped red Popsicle all over his shirt shorts. I immediately put them in the wash and pre soaked and then washed. They came out looking brand new! Thanks Tide Febreze for making such a wonderful product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Take the great cleaning action of Tide and combine it with the odor killers of Febreze and you have a winner no matter what you're washing. Light but refreshing scents lets you know the clothes are clean and ready to go. No staining from the product coming in contact with the laundry like regular liquids sometimes do. Fling it and know that two products are hard at work to make the laundry chore a bit easier and more enjoyable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used liquid detergent, steered cleared of powder detergents and never even given a thought to trying pods. When I first got my BzzAgent kit I first was anticipating a pod the size of a dishwasher tab. But I was clearly wrong. The TidePods were really large and most importantly they did the job for a regular size load. They're very easy to use, just pop it directly into the washer and no need to measure anything out like you would for liquid or powder detergent. If some of the clothes I'm washing are extra dirty I will sometimes use two TidePODS and it gets the job done. My clothes are clean and fresh and keeps my clothes bright! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(244, 248, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First off, I am a HUGE fan of Tide and I'm always excited to see what new products they have. The TIDE Pods plus Febreze Botanical Mist Pods didn't disappoint! They smell completely WONDERFUL! I was actually excited to do a load of laundry because I couldn't wait for my clothes to smell like this detergent. And if the smell wasn't enough, the cleaning power in these little Pods is AMAZING! I didn't pretreat a few stains because I wanted to see if the Pods could get them out, and sure enough, everything came out of the washing machine clean and smelling fantastic! Overall I absolutely love this product and can't say enough good things about it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods make it so much easier for my teenage son to do his laundry without fear of him making a mess or using the wrong amounts. I love the ease of use and the wonderful fresh scent stays with you clothes all day. No more spills or measuring - I love it! GotItFree This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS Plus Febreze are wonderful. They not only make your clothes smell good, but they come out soft as well. I am not normally one for Pods, I never really saw the appeal. It always felt like I got more for my money from a bottle, but I will be buying these in the future. The price is good and who could pass up the amazing scent of febreze This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist are heaven sent! Not only did the cleaning power for Tide get my laundry extra clean, the Febreze added an extra boost of freshness that lasted a few days! If you already enjoy both the Tide and Febreze brands, I highly recommend purchasing this product because they are great as a combo! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide has always been one of my favorite detergents to use. It's high quality and always leaves my clothes smelling fresh. I am always one to try new scents, so I was very excited to try the Febreze Botanical Mist. I regularly use Febreze around my house, so I already know about their quality fragrance. I've never heard another product use the name Botanical Mist, so I was curious about the smell. It was a very nice fresh scent, not overwhelming or too flowery. I was very happy with this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods smell so good and worked great! My clothes smelled fresh and were left stainless! Tide pods are also easy to use, i didnt have to measure anything, it was already prepared. I am definitely purchasing more! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs yes, yes, YES! Who knew these tiny pacs could do some work on a full load of laundry! It does not aggravate my husbands sensitive skin and the smell is lovely! I did have one odd purple stain on my white pillow cases. I did re-wash and everything was ok. So make sure you place them in a dissolvable area. I only wash my clothes in cold water, and only had 1 issue with dissolving. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide Pods, however the scent just didn't seem to ever stay with clothing after drying. When I used the Tide Pod with Febreze (Botanical Mist) my outcome was different. After taking my clothes out of the dryer they had a beautiful scent that remained, unlike normal Tide Pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is my husband's preferred brand of laundry soap. I will admit that I was hesitant about the pods. However, they are awesome! They are easy to use, no mess and work great. Our clothes were very clean and they smelled great after using the pods. We will definitely be using these from now on! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will start off by saying the Botanical Mist scent is AMAZING and long lasting! I used one of the Tide PODS on the dog's beds and crate blankets. I honestly never thought I would see those things actually clean again, but thanks to the Tide PODS + Febreze they look almost brand new and smell fresh! They are also so simple to use. No fumbling around with messy measuring caps. Just pop one in the machine, and you're ready to go! And the fact that they can be used in either HE or non HE machines and with hot OR cold water is awesome! The only thing that I had a question on is load size. So I tried the second one out on a half sized load, and saw no real difference in performance. I assume to get the most bang for your buck, you should use them with a full load. But there was no harm in using one for a smaller load size. When I stopped in to Target to pick up more, they didn't have the Botanical Mist scent. So I picked up the regular Tide PODS. While the cleaning ability is still there, that WOW smell just wasn't. I'm definitely hooked on Botanical Mist. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods plus Febreeze Botanicals leaves your laundry clean and smelling fresh for weeks. It got out the tough stains my normal laundry detergent didn't, and also left my clothes soft and smelling great! All it took was ONE Tide pod + Febreeze and all those smelly clothes and dirt and grass stains gone! I have three children that play sports and love to play outside and so I always have lots of laundry to do, having Tide pods + Febreeze is a blessing. I'm no longer spending lots of money on stain spot treatments and fabric softener which is awesome when you're a single mom! I can put my laundry in the wash and throw in a Tide pod and let it do its work! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a load of clothes that were smelly from a two week camping trip....you get the picture. I used the Tide Pods and Febreze Botanical Mist pack with the wash that cleaned all of these clothes, and to my surprise they all came out unstained and smelling great! You would never be able to guess they had spent two weeks drenched in body odor and mud. I deem this product a miracle worker for removing tough odor stains such as body odor (which was unable to be removed with other detergents in a regular wash). The Febreze scent used in this detergent is a life saver...and a money saver since I wont be needing to purchase new clothes to replace the ones that had been washed! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(105, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Generally I choose my laundry detergent based on what is on sale, but after receiving my samples of Tide PODS plus Febreze detergent pacs, I am changing my tune. I used the Tide on some of the kids clothes and I couldn't believe how bright the clothes looked when they came out of the washer - and they smelled great! I don't dry the kids clothes, so I hung them to dry and I was totally surprised to find that 5 days later they still smelled great, as if they just came out of the washer. I am now in love with this detergent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(100, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually use a liquid laundry detergent, but was excited to try the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist that I got from BzzAgent. It was so easy to use. I simply threw it into my washer and loaded my laundry as usual. It was nice to not have to worry about measuring anything or risking spilling any laundry detergent. When I took the clothes out, I was surprised to notice how nice they smelled and the laundry kept the fresh scent for over a week. I will definitely be purchasing these in the future, especially since I think it will make teaching my 13 yr old how to do laundry easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(69, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So I thought this product was awesome especially for those people like me that tend to forget to add the fabric softener to the load lol I've tried other fling products but I think the stain remover power is thus far the best. I figured this out after my son ate a red frozen pop and it melted all over his WHITE shirt. Yea defiantly thought it was gonna go in the trash cut he's had other accidents like that with white shirts and it has left the stain even with some chlorine. What I did was soak it a bit in water and threw a tide fling into the soaking water. I then dumped that mixture into the washer and hope for the best. It came out spotless! It was like it never happened. Found my new go to laundry product. Thanks Tide and bzzagent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(726, 730, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What is better than Febreze Febreze mixed with Tide in a pod! Tide has always been my go to detergent. I have also been using the smell good beads in the washer. Now I can do it in one step! I love the smell of the Botanical Mist. This is a must try product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got it free few free free free I'm loving the new DownyFreshProtect its smells amazing! LaundryInnovation TidePODS GainFlings This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(108, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this time I sent my kit with Tide , Gain , Downy , I tried the newTide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs and I loved the fresh and lasting fragrance that makes my clothes !! It's amazing and it 'll keep buying insurance on my home !! I told them that I had received samples of these products and they liked the idea of being an agent in BzzAgent !! Is a Great product, detergent pacs combine the cleaning power of Tide with 24 hours of lasting Febreze freshness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Febreze regularly throughout my home, so when I saw that these Tide Pods also had Febreze in them I was eager to give them a try. They didn't disappoint! They are very convenient to use and left my clothes smelling fresh days after washing. The Tide Pods Plus Febreze delivered exactly the quality cleaning and freshening power I expect from the Tide and Febreze brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(69, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely loved the Tide Pods + Febreze Botanical Mist,I love the powerful cleaning action of Tide and the Febreze Botanical Mist is an added bonus. The Febreze left my laundry with a fresh scent that lasts for weeks. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love all the free samples I got from buzzagent!! The Tide pods with Febreze left my clothes smelling so clean and fresh!! My clothes even looked great, so it does about amazing job getting clothes clean as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a Tide lover anyway but when my clothes came out of the dryer my clothes smelt so good! Just love the new addition to a great product anyway This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and Febreze on my clothes and furniture so to be able to use them together on my clothes was wonderful. I knew my clothes would look great and the same because of the tide pod but I also get the wonderful smell from the Febreze that I am used to smelling around my home. So I love the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tide Pods are extremely easy to use because no measuring is needed, you just throw it in which I find quite convenient. This works well with my medium load, the scent was pretty nice, not to overwhelming but noticeable smell of clean laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods + Febreze not only smells amazing but it cleans and leaves looking better than before. Just toss a pod in and you're ready to go. Makes laundry a breeze!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are the real deal! Worked great on my kids laundry without fading their clothes. Must say the freshness after they come put of the dryer is a major plus as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods + Febreeze Botanical Mist pacs are amazing! Tide easily removes tough stains and dirt leaving my laundry looking new again and + Febreeze Botanical Mist gives it a refreshing smell. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods! Adding Febreze is just icing on the cake. I love that there is no pouring or measuring. Just toss it in and start the wash. No mess and no waste! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think the Tide pods are awesome! Its so easy ! The smell is so nice, you have to try this product. I used one for a big load, and the whole load was so fresh and clean. This product is well worth your money! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think this is a great product. I love the smell and the fact that it still cleans with the Tide promise This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(93, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product not only cleans the way you would expect from Tide, but smells amazing with the Febreze! It's so easy with the pod, just throw it in the load and you're done. This is definitely worth it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Amazing product!! I will now always purchase this Tide product. The smell is fantastic. The clothes are fresh and clean and the colors are seriously brighter!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods are awesome. Just pop one in the washer and that's it. It's really convenient (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was the first time I've used Tide pods plus Febreeze. I received a sample of Tide Liquid Pods with Febreze and loved the ease of using the pod. I normally use Tide liquid detergent and with the pod I had No messy drips from pouring. I love the convenience and ease of use of the pod. My clothes came out beautifully clean with a wonderfully fresh scent. I have since purchased the pods, they will now be my go-to detergent, and I would highly recommend the product. (This review was collected as part of a promotion.)", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So i go to the gym 3 times a week and also work a factory job which requires a decent amount of physical labor so even with a lot of deodorant they smell. Tide PODS Plus Febreze detergent pacs in Botanical Rain is the answer to all that my clothes smell great and since they come in pods i dont have to worry about using to much and waste. It makes your clothes smell amazing and honestly after putting the clothes in my gym bag the clothes smelled amazing to . It even works on my stepson track clothes This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(155, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Tide Pods Plue Febreze in my Influenster box. Although I heard about Tide Pods before I was skeptical that a little pod could do much, but I was excited to try. Right when I opened the package the air around me immediately smelled my Febreze and I was just hoping some of that smell would be on my clothes. When I took my clothes out of the dryer I knew that Tide Pods were the real deal, my clothes smelled AMAZING and felt soft and looked clean. I would have never guessed that a little pod packed such a big punch. I am so glad I got to try Tide Pods Plus Febreze because I have now found an amazing product I will buy in the future! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always skipped the pods and gone straight for the liquid...call me traditional but....drumroll....I Have officially decided to turn to the pod side! It's so convienent and high efficiency which is what my washer requires...there is no messy measuring and rinsing cups out. Why have I waited so long! I'm loving the scent and it lasts! Tide plus febreeze is seriously rocking my laundry!! I wish there were some coupons included to hand out as I have a lot of friends who love tide pods! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(342, 346, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods plus Febreze is incredible! It gets my clothes clean as I would expect from Tide but the Febreze added just makes them smell fresh. It is a fresh smelling scent that is long lasting. It makes me happy to know I can give my family fresh smelling clean clothes. Super easy and simply to use these pods, just throw them in and they do the rest. I received this product to test for free from Influenser, but all opinions are my own. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have to say that I have been a rut when it comes to my laundry washing techniques. My towels just haven't had that just out of the dryer smell for quite some time. I am so impressed with Tide Pods that add the amazing scent of Febreze Botanical Mist. My towel came out smelling just fabulous and I actually made it to the store to buy more because my husband and kids commented on it. Now my hubby knows....You get what you pay for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(189, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have asthma and once again, somebody gets the bright idea to make something smell stronger. I don't know if it is the actual scent or chemicals. But after I washed my first load with this product, I thought, what is that smell I put the clothes in the dryer and then when my husband wore his shirt I had washed, I had to ask him to PLEASE change shirts. So I will be returning this product and buying something else. If all of Tide is this new Acti-Lift, then I will have to switch detergents and that is sad, because I have used Tide for years and so has my mother.", {'entities': [(429, 433, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the New Tide with the Acti Lift, and I am extremely disappointed in the results. I feel as though my clothing, sheets, napkins, and towels are not clean. Stains are apparent as if I didn't even attempt to wash these items. I have gone through a half a bottle of this new formulation thinking it was my washing machine. It is not the machine-it is the new ingredients. Beware!!! I will not buy any more Tide products after being a loyal customer for over 20 years unless I can get the original formulation. This is such a disappointment.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for over 40 years. I always get the Tide Free. With my new machines, I had to switch to the HE. I cannot stand the smell and it stays with you everywhere. I have migraine and it makes the smell unbearable. Please make an unscented version!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While the detergent does a good job of cleaning, the clothes are left with an acidic smell that gets worse if the person works up a sweat. I have noticed it on others who use the detergent. Is there any way to eliminate the odor, maybe make it like Tide Original powder, which simply smells clean. Thank you', {'entities': [(249, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide original scented powder for years..It's all I use, and all that is available in HE, but as alot of other users have stated, Tide does not clean as well as it did years ago..and the original scented Tide for HE is not available with bleach either..", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years, and had to get a new washer, and started using Tide HE. But, I notice on the clothes it leaves soap spots, So I tried turning the clothes inside out, but it still leaves soap spots. This is very disapointing.!!! The washer is a top loading with no agitator in the middle. The directions said to put the detergent on the bottom and then add the clothes. What is my problem It has a lid locking thing on it also, so can't check the clothes while washing. Thank you if you can solve this problem.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was a loyal Tide user until Acti lift was added to the product several years ago. That is when the scent first changed for the worse. It has never been the same since. It also does not clean as well, especially on whites. I switched to another brand not made by PG but every so often try Tide again. I am very disappointed. You say you base your changes on consumer research. The consumer response based on these reviews should tell you something. No one seems to like any of Tides scents now. Please go back to the old, old original scent.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have switched back to HE liquid. The pods get caught in the shoulders of blouses and if not caught, the dryer melt them into the material. It took me weeks to figure out why my shirts were wrecked. Tide HE is fantastic and I should have never switched.', {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We only use Tide in our house. For our kids, teens, and racing...it's the only thing that works. STAY away from the 96 oz container!! It ruined my whole laundry cart since no matter how I turned the bottle, liquid would run down the sides. What a mess! I won't ever buy this size again!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide pods for about 8 months and I love the concept-- BUT I've been noticing that my white things are now a silver gray color and my husband even remarked that his socks look a little blueish!!! I am returning the 2 bags I have and will look for something without that pretty blue and orange color, and see if I can salvage my laundry.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For you out there thinking that you are getting and easy all in one product with the Tide Pod...your wrong....as I sadly found out. Terrible to NO stain remover, dissolve of pod not great and in general clothes came out just as I put them in!', {'entities': [(85, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just purchased a bag of Tide Pods today to change up my normal Tide routine. So upset!! Went home and began washing clothes. Followed directions to the T and still found that the pods didn't dissolve in all three of my loads (two loads on HOT). This product is in no way simpler to use and one of my towels had a faded streak on it! Sorry Tide, but I would never buy this product again!!", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a front loading washer have gone through 2 pkgs. of Tide Pods I just threw out the last 4 pods I had left. I have ruined 2 shirts have had to re-wash countless other pieces of laundry. I make sure the loads aren't to large use a super rinse cycle. These are really convenient to use I'd rather use the pods than liquid or powder but I can't inspect each article of clothing before I throw it in the dryer.", {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("stain clothes, don't clean thoroughly, expensive. A product that is badly executed. I have only used Tide in my home, and I am so disappointed in the general performance of this product. I am no longer a Tide user because of the damage these pods caused to my clothing.", {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchase the Ocean Mist pods and was very disappointed. The pods were stuck together and when I tried to pull them apart they tore. Detergent poured out. This was a real mess. The ones that didn't tear did not provide the cleaning power I expected from Tide. I will not use this product again.", {'entities': [(255, 259, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I now have three comforters with blue stains from the Pods. I used the Pods in my HE washer and with a family of five I fill that sucker up to it's fullest capacity. The Pods are not for us. They would either not dissolve fully, leave grease looking stains on clothing or even worse leave blue goo stains and literally glue my laundry up into crunchy balls. Such a dissappointment, Tide. Loved the way they smell though!", {'entities': [(382, 386, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife bought the Tide Pods thinking this would be an easy and quick way to do laundry while running our home with 5 children and 3 adults. Her time is very valuable. However, after using this product we found blue stains on our clothes from the detergent in these Pods. Also the plastic exterior only desloved 2 out of 5 loads. Many of our clothes have been ruined because of the stains left by these non working Pods.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not like the new Tide 2X. No matter how little I use, soap remains in dense fabrics, such as towels, and I can't get it out. My daughter and I both have noticed that our clothes feel itchy with the new Tide. I have used Tide all my life, but I may have to change to something else, since I can no longer get regular Tide. Have others noticed this also", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a Tide customer for years. I bought the Tide Pods for convenience. Unfortunately, the pod itself had attached to my clothes and did not dissolve. It has ruined some of my articles of clothing because the plastic ended up being stuck to them and even wasted a doing an entire load of laundry.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My boyfriend's mom bought these Tide Pods because she thought it was neat. Looking at the product I agreed. it works well with towels but who really cares what towels look like. I just purchased a new bed sheet set, quite pricey and it discolored it. There are white blotches all over it. Disappointed.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a Tide user for many years so I assumed the Pods would do a great job with less work. Now my whites have wide blue streaks in them, hubby's shirts have streaks or stains that I can't remove. I do read the directions and put the pods in the machine first. I will have to discard the rest of the Pods I'm sorry to say.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just like everyone else, I have stained clothes and sticky goop in the door gasket of my front loading washer. A friend stayed for a weekend recently and I washed his white oxford shirt with Tide Pods and it was stained purple and the stains could not be removed even when bleached. I was embarrassed. Since then I have switched to All Free Clear Pods. There is no dye and they are half the price of Tide Pods. I will never use Tide Pods again.', {'entities': [(191, 195, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son once got upset with me because his football uniform was too white. I have used Tide with Bleach for as long as I can remember. I was hesitant to try the pods but I did. My grandchild has filthy white socks. The came out of the washer the way they went in....filthy. I hope PG doesn't stop making Tide with bleach powder", {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using this product several times. I also noticed the sticky residue pieces on my clothing. I thought at first it was because of cold water, but it does the same thing with hot water. I love Tide detergent, but am very disappointed in Pods. I won't be using these again unless Tide acknowledges and corrects the problem.", {'entities': [(196, 200, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I do NOT use tide products EVER. I received a sample of Tide Pods and LOVED it! The smell was amazing after washing and lasted for days. Immediately I bought a huge amount of Tide Pods. After drying the clothes, there is no smell what so ever like the sample pack. It seems to me they put more ingredients in the sample pack so they can sell more and I am highly disappointed that such a well known company would do this. I am NEVER buying Tide products again!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have found that the animal fat used in the liquid HE product leaves a residue on the inner drum of the washer causing it to smell like mildew. It is difficult to remove the smell. I'm not sure but I think this product can only be used when doing HOT Hot water washes. The residue has left black marks on many of my white clothes requiring rewashing. The powdered HE doesn't seem to cause this same problem. I am now wondering if all of Tides liquid products contain animal fat!", {'entities': [(438, 442, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the New Tide with the Acti Lift, and I am extremely disappointed in the results. I feel as though my clothing, sheets, napkins, and towels are not clean. Stains are apparent as if I didn't even attempt to wash these items. I have gone through a half a bottle of this new formulation thinking it was my washing machine. It is not the machine-it is the new ingredients. Beware!!! I will not buy any more Tide products after being a loyal customer for over 20 years unless I can get the original formulation. This is such a disappointment.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I completely ruined a set of sheets, and 2 shirts before realiizing it was the Tide Pods that were creating the problem. The outer packaging of the pods does not properly melt causing it to stick to things, I have not been able to remove the left over plastic. I want to be very clear, the set of queen sheets were the only things that were in the load so it wasn't due to an over loaded washer. I NEVER overload my machine. Very disgusted with the product. Would not recommend it.", {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide and feel it is superior to other detergents. I thought the pods would be a convenient way for me and my family to do laundry. And yes I read the disclaimer on the back to seal the bag and make sure your hands are dry when removing them but somehow a pod got stuck to another pod and when trying to remove it it burst and all the pods quickly became entangled and so now I have a large bag of soap in the bottom of my bag and all the pods have ruined. This is not convenient nor cost efficient. I do not have extra money to throw away but I guess I made a wrong choice.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Do not purchase Tide Pods if you value the color of your fabrics. I purchased and used these Pods this week and it faded 2 loads of brightly colored clothing. I am very disappointed because the Tide brand is the only brand of detergent we use and I have never had a problem with fading in the past. Also, we tend to buy well made, brand name clothing that lasts for years. A few my favorite items were extremely faded. Please do not buy this product if you have nice clothing.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using only Tide for 30 some years. I was shocked when I washed a load with my newest bottle and found the scent had changed. I dried the clothing hoping the scent would tone down. It didn't. It is a strong perfume smell that no one in my family likes. I had to rewash clothes in another brands unscented to remove the smell. Why Tide Don't call it your 'original scent' because its not. Label it appropriately and please bring back the original Original scent. No longer a Tide consumer until this changes.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The pods looked to be a great idea saving a few minutes in the never ending chore of laundry so I bought the large container because I've never had any problems with Tide. Worst mistake ever! First most of the pods were stuck together and trying to seperate them just ended in a mess of detergent everywhere. Even with that I still pushed on as a single income household every penny counts. Then one of the pods did not dissolve correctly ruining the sheets to the bed set my husband bought me for christmas last year I finally got brave and had used them and like all sheets need to be washed....my first matching set now ruined", {'entities': [(166, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just used Tide Pods with my whites and one shirt came out stained blue from the detergent, and another shirt was partially melted from the plastic casing!! Now I have to throw it out. Thanks!!', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been buying Tide original, Tide Active, Tide Gentle for the past at least 40 years. In the past 4 years I don't know what is going on with the product but it does not get clothes clean period.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have asthma and once again, somebody gets the bright idea to make something smell stronger. I don't know if it is the actual scent or chemicals. But after I washed my first load with this product, I thought, what is that smell I put the clothes in the dryer and then when my husband wore his shirt I had washed, I had to ask him to PLEASE change shirts. So I will be returning this product and buying something else. If all of Tide is this new Acti-Lift, then I will have to switch detergents and that is sad, because I have used Tide for years and so has my mother.", {'entities': [(429, 433, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years and was delighted to try the Tide pods. I thought I was using them successfully until I started to notice lavender/blue splotches on my husband's white undershirts. Eventually, my whites have become stained also. I realize now that this is a Tide Pod problem. I used them correctly and any efforts of remediation (using bleach, re-washing, etc., etc.) do not work as the clothes have been washed AND dried and those stains are SET. Thanks for nothing, Tide. I will be using other detergents from now on.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I looked up the reviews here to see if anyone else was having my same problem with the pods, and sure enough, here it is. The Tide Pods gave my white jeans purple spots all over them. I rewashed them without detergent and the spots came out but that is more cost to me for having to run the washer/dryer again. They also leave a white residue on clothes that I ended up having to scrub off by hand, which was time consuming. We have 5 teenagers and started using the Pods due to getting tired of cleaning up detergent that was spilled. Looks like we're going back to cleaning up detergent. Thumbs down on this one Tide.", {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a foster parent and have been a Tide user for over 30 years. I used tide powder for most of that time and loved it. When I got an HD washer I started using tide liquid, still loving it. I have teens in the house and having them do their own laundry I found they were using too much laundry soap. Loving tide all these years I bought 6, they each have their own container, 72 count containers of Tide PODS. What a mess. At first I thought the kids were not using the machine properly, So I tried the PODS. YUCK!! We have ruined clothes and bedding. PROCTER GAMBLE DID GAMBLE ON THIS ONE AND LOST! We thru away the Tide Pods and are using another POD product adding a little oxy Clean and are very happy!!! Tide - I'm sorry but you lost a long time customer!!", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a very satisfied, long time Tide user. I decided to try the Pods, and am sorry to say they are a huge fail. The first thing I noticed while trying to decide which scent to try was that there is no way to tell what they smell like until after you've purchased them and open the package. Then I realized why, they smell like a BAD PERM! I figured maybe it was just the plastic or something. Surely Tide wouldn't put out such an awful smelling product. I washed a load of towels and when it was done, I opened the washing machine and nearly vomited. The awful smell was even more intense. Thankfully the store I bought them at exchanged the rest of the package for a different scent. I figured there is no way the others could be as bad as the Mountain Fresh. Well, wrong again. Awful perm like smell. The store now will not give me a refund. In my opinion, there should be a scratch and sniff or some other way of knowing what the scent smells like before purchase or possibly offer the Pods in current scents like original, at the very least.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It seems inconsistent that I will recommend this to a friend, but rate it so poorly. The detergent itself has been very satisfactory. I have used Tide powder all my life and am a believer. We just got a front loader and now use the liquid HE. My problem is, the design of the largest heaviest dispenser bottle with the push button spout is extremely unwieldy. I thought it was just me, but we needed a new bottle the other day and my husband commented that if any other laundry soap in the shopping aisle had a more thoughtfully designed bottle, he would choose it instead! Unfortunately they were all made from exactly the same mold. And, unfortunately, we believe the designer has never tested his bottle. Anyway, the company who changes this design will get our business. We agreed that there should be a second handle or handhold on the side that becomes the top when you are dispensing the detergent. As baby boomers, we are conscious of the savings in price of the larger volume bottle, but I am not as strong as I used to be and need a better design.', {'entities': [(146, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just finished the napkins and linens from our Thanksgiving Day dinner. I am so upset with the results that I came to this site to register my disappointment. I don't know what changes have been made, but they aren't working for me. First, the smell of Tide Plus a touch of Downy is disgusting--not a clean smell at all. More like cheap perfume. The real disappointment though is in the results. It has left stains on several items that I had to wash several times (with no detergent) to remove. I have now washed the napkins from yesterday three times and neither the food stains or the Tide stains will not come out! I have washed these napkins for years with great result from the original Tide. I have used Tide for most of my married life (over 40 years), but unless there is some change in the ingredients, I will no longer purchase it. Please go back to the Original scent and formula!", {'entities': [(254, 258, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Liquid for years and have been very happy with it until the Acti-Lift was added to it. The detergent now makes my laundry smell terrible- a very strong, bitter odor. It also made my white towels turn gray. My family and friends have also complained about the same problem, especially the awful smell. Tide, you keep insisting that the scent has not changed and tell us to use Tide free and gentle. I do not want no smell. I want a nice smell. I see other reviewers wrote in about the same problem with the Acti-Lift ( especially those who use Tide with Downey). Tide, please listen to your customers and give them what they want. I HATE the smell of the Acti-Lift and have switched to a new detergent. You must be losing many other customers because of this problem. Tide is like an American tradition and you have ruined a product we have loved for years. I am sorry to say I will never use Tide again unless the Acti-Lift is taken out and the old formula is back again.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have lost many articles of clothing due to the pods sticking to our clothes and not dissolving properly! I've always used Tide and I'm so disappointed. :(", {'entities': [(125, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide Original liquid for years. Following my first use of the new scent (which I was initially unaware had changed), I thought my washer was broken and didn't complete the rinse cycle. The smell was overpowering - like an old lady's stale perfume left over from World War I. I emailed Tide and received this response: Our Tide Original and Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents were upgraded to new and improved scents that still provide a great smell of clean. Our new Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent provides an improved scent experience. Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Original powder laundry detergents scent. If you prefer the fragrance from your previous Tide Original, we suggest Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergent as it now contains the old Tide Original fragrance. Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Mountain Spring powder laundry detergents scent.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Pods don't fully dissolve plastic gets stuck to my clothes. Tried to remove plastic and tore my shirt. The pods also causing blue/purple stains on my clothes. Dollars going to Tide competitor now.", {'entities': [(176, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We rented a beach house for vacation and prior to leaving, we started a load of laundry with a TIde Pod in the house's top-loader washer. We were contacted by the owner afterwards that the white sheets had blue stains that wouldn't come out. We couldn't figure out how an entirely white load could get stained with blue but fortunately the owner was very nice and refunded the whole damage deposit. Mystery solved this week when we used Tide pods in our front-loader and found the seal coated in blue slime on 2 consecutive loads. We have been using TIde Pods for about 2-3 months and this is first time we've seen any blue stains. However, we have had unexplained bleached out spots on our dark T-shirts since using the Pods. I like the pre-measured concept (esp with front-loaders prone to smelling if using too much detergent) but current version of Tide Pods are unacceptable for home use. I'm going back to liquid Tide HE and PG needs to take Tide Pods back to the product development lab.", {'entities': [(437, 441, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wash my clothes at a laundromat since I live in NYC. It was nice to not have to lug a big bottle of detergent with me along with a big bag of clothes! I first used it in cold water and got the same results as everyone else....gobs and purple stains. I realized I could not use them in a cold water wash do decided to then only use them for hot water and the SAME thing happened! I would then go home and try to hand wash these gobs and stains out which was a pain to go over every piece of clothing that you just washed! Of course I would miss a few and the gobs then dried and became crusty and hard. I don't understand Tide's CUSTOMER SERVICE. SO MANY people have complained on this site and they just keep sending the same automated/pre-written response instead of acknowledging that the might actually be an issue! I have used TIDE for years and my mother used to use TIDE as well but I am so disappointed that I may switch brands all together just out of principle!", {'entities': [(623, 627, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have pics of the Tide Pods that didn't dissolve and backed up my water flow and flooded my kitchen ... what a mess I had ... you owe me a explanation on why this happened", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide detergent all of my adult life - first powder detergent, then liquid detergent, and now Tide Pods. I've always been happy with the results until just recently. I am using Tide Ocean Mist 72 pack of pods, and I noticed that my nice white sweater had a purple stain on it AFTER being washed, not before. I tried twice more washing that sweater and the stain was permanent. I didn't make the connection to my tide pod. I wash and rinse in cold water and the package clearly states the pod will dissolve in ANY water temp. 2 more separate sessions of laundry, and now each time I wash with the pods, there is a sticky purple mess like gum or glue stuck to my clothes after the rinse cycle. I will never buy these pods again. And I'm a 35 year long customer. I have wasted a big chunk of money on this 72 pack of pods which are now useless and have ruined my favorite sweater. P.S. I'm from Calgary, Alberta, Canada, but the pull down menu did not allow me to choose Canada so I picked a random state.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm pretty sure I received a sample of Tide Pods when I moved into my dorm in college some 7 years ago. Perhaps it was a prototype or maybe even another brand. Either way, I loved the concept and was very sad that they were not available commercially. When I saw a commercial for Tide Pods last week, I was very excited that this awesome idea finally came to fruition! I went to the store yesterday with Tide Pods on my list, but when I arrived at the display, I saw 3 scents, none of which are the original Tide scent. Not only are these not my preferred scent, but I can't even smell them to see how they smell! These scents aren't available in normal liquid packaging so that idea is moot. Long story short: I didn't buy them. Please, Tide, make these in original scent AND give us a way to smell the scents in the store! As for now, I've requested a sample from this site so we'll see what happens. As for now, however, I'm still the sad customer who wants to buy, but can't.", {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These little guys just don't work! They don't clean the clothes and they don't have that great Tide smell like the liquid detergent. Tide should remove them from the market.", {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There are two things I didn't like about Tide Pods: (1) No visible suds, and (2) the clothes did not have that clean smell I'm used to with my current detergent. I'll stick with what I'm using. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was excited to try this product. I have always enjoyed Tide, but I was highly disappointed. The clothes did not come out smelling nicely, they were not soft, and the clothes were full of static cling. I would not recommend this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been bouncing between detergents ever since I got a new HE washer a few months back - NO MORE! Tide Pods are easy, efficient, no measure, no mess way of doing my laundy. The fragrance is very nice and the clear plastic packaging can be use for many kids projects. Thank you!', {'entities': [(102, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently bought Tide with acti-lift for the first time, and I washed a load full of white clothes. They are all ruined. They have blue stains that are the color and design of the detergent ALL over them. I am so upset.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for over 40 years. I always get the Tide Free. With my new machines, I had to switch to the HE. I cannot stand the smell and it stays with you everywhere. I have migraine and it makes the smell unbearable. Please make an unscented version!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide Pods to do my laundry. I have never had a problem with them before, but the last couple of times I have done my laundry, the plastic that surrounds the detergent has melted into my clothes. It has completely ruined three of my shirts and damaged many more. I will not be buying these anymore.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide original scented powder for years..It's all I use, and all that is available in HE, but as alot of other users have stated, Tide does not clean as well as it did years ago..and the original scented Tide for HE is not available with bleach either..", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for years. I've always loved the quality (even though it is on the expensive side) and the smell is (was) the best!!! I hate the smell of the new ActiLift. I want the original scent back! Or, I will have to switch to another brand, which would be very unfortunate.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The pods are leaving a hard plastic stuck to my cloths and a blue stain! I'm very disapionted because the pods cost more and my clothes cost a lot. I have been a life log Tide user, so Tide listen up and pull this off the shelf", {'entities': [(171, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received 2 sample pods with the normal Tide bottle at our local retailer and decided to try these out on the baby's dirty clothes. The second pod I tried left an unused sticky goo in the baffle of the front loader washer. I don't know if the pod got into the baffle right away or what, but I'll stick to the regular bottle of Tide from here on out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Original Tide liquid was the only scented detergent I could use that I wasn't allergic to. This is no longer the case. I have used Tide exclusively for 15 years without issue. Now, the smell is overbearing and I'm allergic to whatever perfumes/chemicals used in the new formulation. You just lost a long time, loyal customer. Thanks for the rash.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only us Tide laundry detergent . I decided to switch to the pods because I thought it would be easier... They do not always dissolve well and they leave a hard plastic on the clothes ...the pods also ruined my brand new sheets. My sheets looked bleached.. I will switch back to tide liquid now.. I do not recommend this product at all .. I am very disappointed with Tide', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the Tide Pods (102 count) for my HE front loader. The product leaves a slime all over my clothing and gasket of the machine, even when using warm water. I have tried extra rinse cycles to no avail. I have used another brand pod with good results - guess I'll switch back to the other brand. Tide needs to improve the water solubility of this product for it to actually work. I do like the smell (spring meadow) - have not noticed any bad smells mentioned in other reviews.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't remove the sticky residue and blue stains that Tide Pods left on my clothes and sheets! Clearly there is a problem with this product and it should be pulled from the shelves based on the number of negative reviews about ruined clothes on this site alone! Tide- you should be ashamed about these issues and offering solutions to remove the residue left on our clothes. Step up and offer some real options for your consumers or you will certainly lose your trusting consumers.", {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a lifelong Tide detergent user and was excited to try the new Pods. They are convenient to use and it seems like the big bucket will last a long time. But unfortunately, they ruined my sheets and the cover of one of my couch cushions. I'm not that upset about the sheets, but the couch cover is devastating. I have to contact my furniture manufacturer for a replacement which is going to be expensive. I would never use these again and recommend everyone to stay away from them.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally buy liquid Tide with no perfume, but I thought I'd try these new pods. Since I could not find unscented pods, I tried one of the scented ones. Big mistake. What a horrible cheap smell! It permeates the whole house, and I had to re-wash my clothes with other detergent to get rid of the smell. I ended up throwing away the rest of the pods after the first wash. I know these things are being sold because enough people buy them, but I can't imagine walking around smelling like this. Needless to say, I'll never buy this again unless unscented type is offered.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I first started using the Pods at my MIL's and boy do I wish she never bought them!! It seemed like it was working at first, but I didn't realize how long it actually has been ruining my clothes. As you can see, MANY people with front-loaders are telling you that it doesn't dissolve in cold water-- LISTEN! I've been finding little plastic pieces on some of my clothes for some time now and realized it only happens to cold cycles that I wash at her house. This week I'm house sitting and praying that the gigantic purple/pink/blue stain covering at least half of HER king-sized sheet will come out! I noticed that the Tide employers had the audacity to not only remind others to not overfill their load, but to not run cold cycles in the winter! Well, 1. I know when to stop adding laundry and 2. it was 90 degrees out that day. Unfortunately I was in a hurry, so I didn't see the stain before putting it in the dryer (but I did notice a weird smell too it must be what others talked about). If PG is concerned enough about dissolving issues to recommend not running cold cycles in winter months (and to always use the warmest water the clothes will allow), then it shouldn't be advertised to dissolve in cold water!! How many people have to report damaged/ruined items for you to actually do something Giving bad advice to random reviews doesn't cut it! I will definitely warn everyone I know about this!!", {'entities': [(620, 624, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The reviews I read are for removing stains from the Pods, nothing about the melted plastic on my clothes. Tide was the best.... now its the worst.', {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for many years,and always felt it was the best,but I bought the Tide Pods,and they RUINED three of my fave blouses,and my husbands shirt.Will not be buying Tide Pods again!!!!', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Tide Pods with my front loading washer and they don't dissolve. It was stuck to the bottom side of glass door at end of cycle. I would not recommend these if you have a front loader!", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide, but not the tide pod. They stick together and when you pull them apart they brake open all over your hands or in the bag. Go back to drawing board on Tide Pod. Thank you', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Please bring back the old 'original' scent. I have been using Tide Original Scent for the last 20 years and last week did a load with the new detergent. I thought it was my imagination that it smelled stronger when I opened the bottle, until the clothes were done washing. Opened the washer and was practically knocked over by the foul odor. Seriously, it is so overpowering and awful, why on earth did you change the scent I now have to switch brands. You just lost a 20 year old loyal customer.", {'entities': [(62, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had used the pods for a few weeks without problems and then today had a horrible stain on a maroon sheet. I washed it again with regular Tide but the stain won't come out and the sheet is ruined. I won't be using the pods any more because i don't want to risk ruining any more items.", {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('At first, this product was great, but in the past month I have had to throw clothes away due to its wrapper not dissolving throughly in the wash ( I do pre-soak, Stain cycle, and extra rinse on ALL my wash loads). The film does nto dissolve all the way and then when I put the clothes in teh dryer, it turns into a hard plastice like substance that sticks to teh cloths and stucks them together. It is impoosible to get out and I have to throw stuff away! I suppost my kids and self on under 2600 a month, I cannot afford to just throw clothes away!!!! At first I thought my kid left something in a pocket, but after MANY washes having this occur sporatically, it came to see if it happened with a different type of Tide and it did not it ONLY occurs when I uses these Pods! iF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES, BE FOREWARNED THEY MAY JUST BE RUINED BY THIS PRODUCT!', {'entities': [(716, 720, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide detergent for many years and have been very satisfied with the product. However, I decided to try the Tide Pods. I purchased the Pods 2 weeks ago and have been very disappointed in them. The first thing I noticed is a plastic residue in my washing machine because the plastic coating did not disapate during the cycle. Now today, I was doing my light colored sheets and my light load of laundry and there is blue dye stains all over my laundry from the blue rince agent. I guess this is a lesson learnt. I will not purchase the Tide Pods again. I will use what I have for dark colored loads to use what I have left. I sure hope the blue stains come out of my clothes if not I guess I'm out a couple of hundred dollars to replace what is stained. I will continue to use Tide Laundry Detergent (liquid form). Very disapponted in your Tide Pods.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a user of Tide for over 20 years, since I first started doing my own laundry in college, and have been completely satisfied...until now. It seems they have changed the formula for Original Tide (including Mountain Spring). The new formula smells absolutely HORRIBLE. It is a sickly sweet, heavily perfumed smell that I can not stand to be around, let alone wear clothes that were washed in the scent. I was able to find some bottles of the old formula in a local store (New formula cap says 6X Clean Even In Cold) (Old formula cap says My Tide cap 6 cap) and had to rewash all of my clothes in the old formula. If this formula is not changed back, once my old formula Tide is depleted, you will lose a customer for life. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. Please change it back.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods work great if you are not a) using an he machine, while also b) washing larger pieces of fabric, like sheets, robes, blankets, etc. The pods will become tangled in the fabric and fail to dissolve adequately, but you won't notice until after you've already dried your clothes and the undissolved plastic/detergent has already melted into and/or stained your clothes. And yes, this happens even if you place the pod in the bottom before the clothes, put an appropriate amount of clothes in the machine, wash the load on the appropriate setting for the load...in other words, actually follow the directions on the packaging (which also plainly states they dissolve in all temps- guess that's not true). Brand new sheets, a blanket, and a favorite shirt ruined. Thanks.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What is wrong with Tide. My clothes no longer have that fresh clean smell. I have used the pods for many many months and this last container i purchased can not be the same tide. Something has been changed in the making of the product or omitted in the making. I have stopped using Tide and started back with Gain.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide Pods detergent save space and time for doing my landry. The pods don't delute well in the machine it left spots all over my clothes. I was very disappointed because it messed up some of my favortive clothes. I tried to re-wash them and the spots still didn't come out!!", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The idea of the product is great however there is a base smell that reminds me of the smell of when you forget to empty the washing machine for a day then if your grandma was to spray her perfume on it to cover it up (spring meadow). It would be great if they made a pod that smelled like their original Tide scent...', {'entities': [(304, 308, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awful smell. I thought I had accidentally put a cleaning rag of some sort in with my towels. The smell from using Mountain Spring was awful. I re-washed the towels two times and they still have a putrid smell. I threw that soap out and Im back to my wonderful Original Scent Tide.', {'entities': [(275, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a nurse wear white scrubs every day. We started using pods because they were convenient could be used with HE washer. I started noticing purple discoloration to my scrub shirts undershirts a couple months ago. Bleach doesn't help. Spray wash doesn't help. I now have to go and buy new scrub tops. I still like Tide liquid, but pods are not a good product.", {'entities': [(315, 319, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pods are a waste of my time money! I am completely disappointed with this product. I washed 2 loads of laundry TWO TIMES and neither load looks or smells as clean as Tide liquid or powder detergent. I am hoping for a refund...', {'entities': [(170, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The scent of Mountain Spring Tide has changed and it is TERRIBLE NOW. I have been a loyal customer for many years -- only buying the Mountain Spring scent Tide and willing to pay more than for other brands. However, the scent has changed since July 2014 and it is now TERRIBLE. I can't stand it and will no longer purchase TIDE at all.", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not sure why but Tide keeps suggesting to use the Mountain Spring scent if we don't like the awful new original scent. Nice suggestion but does Tide understand that if you have a HE washer you must use HE detergent Hello-- they do not make the powder in HE in mountain spring and they supposedly make it in the liquid but I can not find it anywhere in stores or on the internet. If the liquid is really available please tell me where, I've already tried the product locator and it turned up nothing.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have had the same disappointing issues with the tide pods as most people here. I simply won't buy them again (problem solved). What I'm really upset about is the LAME responses from Tide Customer service, especially this one, product was extensively tested. As far as I'm concerned and most importantly YOUR customers are the real testers and the determining factor if your product gets a thumbs up or a thumbs down, as of now my thumb is point South. I hope to see you LISTEN and take YOUR customers and product more serious.", {'entities': [(184, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up with Tidealways a great product, one that could always be trusted. Now I just toss them in the wash,, and go. The past 6 months have been the worst washes possible. I would always just load the dryer from the washer, never thinking. Now I am checkjng for wadded up sticky pods. Who would not trust Tide after all they always had a great product. Next I see coming the down the pipe product line is UNgunk the Pod This would now become next great product, So long, Tide Pods. Call me when you get back, to your old self..', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Please bring back the old 'original' scent. I have been using Tide Original Scent for the last 20 years and last week did a load with the new detergent. I thought it was my imagination that it smelled stronger when I opened the bottle, until the clothes were done washing. Opened the washer and was practically knocked over by the foul odor. Seriously, it is so overpowering and awful, why on earth did you change the scent I now have to switch brands. You just lost a 20 year old loyal customer.", {'entities': [(62, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for 37 years, through rich and not so rich periods in my life.... I've always spent the extra money on Tide because it really was worth it, and the clothes came out REALLY CLEAN, but lately my clothes are dingy, and not any cleaner than the lower priced detergents. I am greatly disappointed after all these years, and am experimenting with other detergents.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product because I liked the idea, but I wish I would have read reviews before I did. I used warm water to wash a medium-sized load of light-colored fabrics. Most of the items came out of the wash with MULTIPLE blue stains all over them. It was like a crayon had a party in there. Obviously, I'm not the only one to experience this problem. I've been a fairly loyal Tide purchaser, but I won't be buying this product again.", {'entities': [(382, 386, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It was at first really awesome because it was easy to use, but then after using them for all semester, more often than not my clothes have been RUINED by Tide Pods! I thought at first it was a problem with my college's laundry machines, but it's because the Tide Pods don't dissolve quick enough and then gunk up on my clothes like dried gum and ruin them! So many cute clothes ruined! It's really quite unfortunate because it would seem like a great and easy way to wash your clothes, but it's really only a great and easy way to ruin them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(154, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been buying Tide for over 25 years. I was excited to try the PODS because I liked the idea of having less in the recycle bin, and making it easier for my kids to help with laundry. The PODS were all gelled together, and over half had to be discarded. The few that we could use didn't dissolve correctly leaving gummy deposits on garments and towels. After repeated washing with Liquid Tide, the residue was still there. We had to throw the items away. So not only did I waste money on the product, but I had to replace items as well.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Tide as I have a front load washer. I like the product but with the add you are running I wish I had another choose. I will rate the add In todays world when kid try to rule. We need morals more then ever. Your add teaches it is okay to LIE. I can not believe that mother in your add lied to her daughter. If that were the daughter lying would we be so excepting As a upright company you should strive to help with values not tear them down. I get upset every time I see the add. Please think of the message you are sending to our kids. IT IS OK TO LIE to protect yourself... NOT', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I washed two expensive Columbia Sportswear brand polyester shirts using a Tide Mystic Forest pod. My machine is a top quality front loading He washer, and the pods are advertised as compatible with such a machine. Both of my polyester shirts came out of the wash a dull greyish blue color, and this tint has not faded after treatment with both liquid bleach and Oxyclean power. Why can't the pods be formulated without the destructive dye They are otherwise a great concept and I have had good results with other fabric types.", {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wanted to love these pods - so easy and you don't have a cup to clean out. However, recently I started to get dark blue stains on a few items. And there have been hard plastic-like residue sticking to items. At first I thought that someone was wrong with the washer or something was in pockets. But then it happened on a load of sheets. After a little investigating I became suspicious that it was the Tide pods. Sure enough I look at reviews and others have the same problem. I don't mind paying more for convenience, but now it has destroyed my new Jennifer Adams sheets, towels and some clothes!!", {'entities': [(404, 408, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I want the regular good smelling, hard working Tide back. I sniffed all over my kitchen to find that cheap Borax smell that my mother used to clean with only to find that it was coming from my washer and was somehow tied to your Acti-Lift. I HATED that smell growing up and now it is fuming everything I wear. So i vowed never to grab that again only to find it is in EVERY product you make including my Sports soap that I use for running clothes! What sort of stain do you think i get running 10 miles I do not need acti-lift i need febreeze which now smells like Borax. Thanks but no thanks...searching for new laundry soap!!!', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Let me re-cap quickly. Tide pods destroyed 3 different sets of costly (thanks for the dis-coloring), basketball uniforms (thanks for the blue stains all over them) that I can't replace, countless number of socks, t-shirts, and miscellaneous clothes. I feel like such a fool for trusting Tide and even more of a fool for not realizing how much it was destroying. I will never ever buy a Tide or PG product again. These items don't dissolve and please, Tide, don't respond with your canned messages on tips that I should wash in warmer water when it's cold - I live in Southern California for gosh sakes and you indicate on your package that it WILL DISSOLVE. Not true.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The product leaves heavy plastic and glue-like stains and purple/blue residue when washing dark clothes or light cycles. I'm not sure why, but the product doesn't seem to break down completely and adheres to clothing. I had one brand new sweater ruined (we weren't sure what it was)... and now have realized after two more episodes that it is the pods. We like the ease of use, and 90 of the time the product worked well. However, as we can't afford to have our detergent ruin expensive clothing, we are not going to buy the product anymore. Message to Tide... fix this stuff. It isn't worth the hit your customers are taking because the product wasn't fully tested.", {'entities': [(553, 557, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I typically love Tide products but this detergent leaves me very disappointed in the lack of quality that I come to expect from Tide. I recently removed a load of laundry from the dryer, only to find that the pod did not dissolve in the washer like it is expected to do and was instead melted to my pillow cases, which were also discolored! I always wash my clothing in warm water so I am at a loss as to how this could have happened. I was unsuccessful in my many attempts to remove the product... If anyone has any ideas as to how I might be able to get this off, I would very much appreciate your ideas because these pillowcases were not cheap. Very Disappointed!!', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods turn all my white arm pits purple and cannot remove them. Tried bleach, peroxide.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Tide Pods because my sister loves them. I am not impressed. They don't dissolved and have ruined some of my husband's nice dress shirts. I am going to go back to my old laundry detergent which by the way isn't even a Tide product. Very disappointed.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was hoping for a better product But the Tide Pods have more advertaising than quality, did not do a better cleaning, no good smell after drying, and no fom in the machine!! maybe if I put 5 or 6 of them, so it would be very expensive to do the laundry!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought a small bag to Tide Pods because I was curious about the product. Much to my dismay, my clothes stunk to high heaven after washing them with this product. I actually had to make a special trip to the store to buy a box of your tried and true Tide Plus Bleach Powder to rewash the entire load. Awful product, never again!', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using the Pods I kept noticing a plastic coating on a couple items of clothing. I realized it was the plastic coating from the pod that had melted onto the clothing. Everytime I used them I would find at least one item of clothing with the plastic coating melted onto the clothing. I have always used Tide but will go back to the liquid.', {'entities': [(307, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm into Tide, always have been. I grew up poor and still am poor, at 54 years old, but have always spent the extra money on Tide. I was very excited to check out the new pod but please believe this consumer when i tell you the pod does not dissolve good, it is destroying clothes and it is hurting the Tide name. Please dont let that happen.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I put the Tide pod in first and then loaded my sons clothes in the washer. After drying, I noticed hard dried melted plastic-like spots all over his clothes.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS have ruined my daughter's school uniforms, my husband's work clothes, and my maternity clothes. I will never use these again and would rather use the cheap powder soap before using any Tide product again.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tonight I reached in to the Tide container to pull out a Pod for a load of laundry I was about to start and I found a gooey, sticky mess. Apparently, some of the Pods had melted and leaked. If that wasn't enough, the remaining Pods are all stuck together. There is no way I'm going to get them apart without breaking more. My laundry room is in the basement which is the coolest area in my house and it's only May. Can't imagine what I would find in August. Luckily, I won't be buying them again so I won't be finding out.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Tide Pods for use on vacation as a convenience. The first time I used them I found a bluish slime on a pair of khaki shorts. I thought maybe I had left something in the pocket. Then, after washing a very expensive set of white sheets, I found the same blue stains all over them. Then read the reviews. I even tried putting a pod in a pan of boiling water to see just how hot it would need to be to dissolve. After 5 minutes in a rolling boil there was still blue plastic residue on a spoon. Would never buy again!', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For decades Tide Original Scent was the only detergent that did not aggravate my sensitive skin allergies...now that you have changed it, I can no longer use it as it now causes my skin allergy symptoms to flare up, and I also greatly dislike the new fragrance. I am now forced to hunt down a replacement detergent. Please bring back the old formula and fragrance! Sincerely, Nissa', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always seem to use too much tide in my laundry and my clothes smell waay to strong. I was excited about the Pods because I could better control how much detergent to use. Anyways I bought the Tide Pods and the next day went to use them and they were all melted together and when I tried to take some apart that were lose a Pod squirted on my brand new pants and after washing the pants twice there is a huge stain on them from the Pods. I am so bummed but I will just have to stick to the liquid soap from now on...', {'entities': [(194, 198, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't used Tide in awhile and usually buy free detergent when I do use it, but I wanted to give these cool Pods a try. I can definitely smell the scent when it is washing, but don't notice much once it is out of the dryer. What I do notice is that my clothes are getting stained with the blue from the Pod!!! Not pleased at all. Would love to know what, if anything I might be doing that is wrong. All of the kids shorts have stains as well as hubby's work shirt. Didn't notice until after everything was out of the dryer, but I am going to try to re-wash (with a different detergent) to save these clothes.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first purchased Tide Pods I was soooo happy with them and loved the idea of just being able to pop them in the washer and not have to mess with liquid ever again. WRONG! After about the 5th or 6th time of purchasing them I have noticed that they adhere to my clothing and if you don't catch it before you put it in the dryer it leaves stains. AND... the last few times I have found the coating on the rubber strip around the inside of the door. ( I have a front loader) This has happened whether I use hot or cold water, small loads or large loads. I LOVE the idea of pods sooooo please, please keep testing!!!", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this Tide bottle the other day and hard as I try cannot get the darn thing open. Removed the seal, but all of it didn't come off...came off in pieces, and I cannot get the remainder of the plastic seal off the bottle cap. I am so frustrated I am ready to throw the thing against the wall and stomp on it. My last resort is to punch a hole in the bottle and transfer the contents to another laundry bottle, which will NOT be Tide. If Tide can't do a better job of packaging their liquid laundry detergent I will NEVER buy Tide or any of their products again.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought the Tide Pods because of the ease of use and hoped it would get my husbands nasty work clothes clean the first time being washed. He works outside in the AZ heat. After 1/2 of the package of pods was gone he asked me if I left the clothes in the washer too long. Not in AZ, things mildew really fast. He said his clothes stink after just a few minutes of sweating. Well its the Tide Pods that stink. Everything smells like mildew. NASTY. The clothes were cleaner but can't take the smell. Will not buy again and will not recommend them to friends. Off to wash all the clothes again with something else!", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a very Loyal Tide Customer. This product does not dissolve quickly! This product leaves Your clothes stained with a purplish streak', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide pods thinking that they would be an easy way to do laundry since I wouldn't have to carry a heavy bottle around. Instead the tide pod did not dissolve completely and stuck to my clothes. I washed my clothes a second time in the laundry room in my building and it still didn't come out. I ended up having to take my clothes home and use my heavy duty washer at home, with an extra spin cycle to get it out. One shirt was completely ruined after all this. I would never recommend this product to anyone.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Last 5 months 3 leaking containers, seams, feet, thin walls, plastic scrap in spigot. Lost half or more detergent, big messes to clean. Can't afford to buy Tide and lose half due to poor packaging.", {'entities': [(156, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was loving these pods for my home and business until all of our white towels started turning light purple. All of my white exercise shirts and shorts developed purple stains on them and I've had to throw them out! I've probably lost close to 500 in clothing because of these pods. I'm not sure if my color clothes are stained or not. Either way, such a shock that such a trusted household name allows this to happen! We've used Tide since I was a kid. No more until they resolve this truly unnecessary problem.", {'entities': [(430, 434, 'PRODUCT')]})
('DO NOT USE on light colors. It discolored my clothing. Very expensive, brand new clothing. It is okay to use on dark dark colors but it leaves stains on my lights. It stained blue streaks. Ive been using Tide for years, never had a problem. Then I decided to try Tide Pods. Big mistake. I will be looking for the receipt to return. NEVER AGAIN.', {'entities': [(204, 208, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a college student who is forced to live in a budget - I thought Tide pods would be a great convenience to me. It turns out they only made my life more difficult - they ruined three of my shirts and one of my bras with the sticky blue residue that does not come off when I try to stain wash it. Save yourself the money and stress, just get a different detergent.', {'entities': [(69, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have been using the Tide pods for a few weeks now. My teenage son kept complaining that he shorts were coming out of the wash with pink stains or, on dark shorts, bleachy, pinkish spots. After approximately 200 worth of shorts were ruined, I got online to try and figure out what was going on. After reading many of the reviews on this page, I decided to do a little at home testing. What I found is, bascially, our pods are not dissolving all the way no matter what our water temp is and no matter how full or empty the washer is. So, we have gone back to liquid detergent. I was really excited about the convenience of the pods, but we simply cannot afford to have hundreds of dollars worth of clothes destroyed in a matter of weeks. Also, I noted the comments about the lack of cleanliness some people had noticed and the lack of a fresh smell. These are things I had also noticed over the past few weeks, but had not put two and two together on until reading through some of the reviews. One wash back in with regular liquid detergent and my towels are already smelling fresh and clean again. Pods are a great idea, but they clearly need some more development to work out these issues.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the convenience of the Tide pods, as a busy mom who works two jobs, I look for the little things to make my housekeeping tasks effective and efficient. I thought I had that with Tide Pods, until I discovered they no longer dissolve in the washer machine, I find there is no fresh scent and don't see a lot of suds. I think its time to scap the pods as I now have to waste even more time looking through my wash to ensure the pod did disolve and I have to shake the bin each week to try to prevent them from sticking and breaking apart, which then leads to another mess/ task of cleaning all the pods and the mess it made on the floor and washing machine. Looks like Tide took some short cuts. Not so sure I wan to trust Tide with my laundry anymore.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The pod left a gooey mess on the drum of my washer. I had to wipe it all out before I could take my clothes out. I am surprised there aren't more people saying this because it seemed to be the remaining part of the pod that didn't break up in the water. I will always use Tide, just not these. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(272, 276, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the Tide Pods, hoping they would make doing laundry a lot easier. I washed an item with a stain in it however, the stain did not come out. Looking at the other things I've washed with the Tide Pods, I am not happy. None of the items seem to be truly clean. I would not recommend this product.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide product for a while but most recently have switched to the PODS. HUGE mistake!!! They have destroyed bath towels and clothing by leaving a blue/purple stain on my clothing. You do not notice on dark clothing but can not hide it on light colours. I will not by this product again.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods have ruined several articles of clothing. I have washed, soaked and re-washed stained items and the blue marks do not come off. Terrible!!!', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will not by this product in the future. I have had many issues with the pods. They have ruined clothes. Now to get rid of them I dissolve them in the washer before putting in any clothes. I have to keep it under the water and squeeze it when it gets soft. Tide needs to do further testing on this product. It does not work well. Stay away from the pods!', {'entities': [(258, 262, 'PRODUCT')]})
("used Tide pods for 3 reasons, less waste, convenience, good cleaning record. NO LONGER THE CASE! I followed the directions and ruined so many clothes I could scream. a brand new uniform is RUINED as well as a new T and some other clothes. RUINED with PURPLE/BLUE STAINS. and I didn't notice them until they were dry and nothing is taking the stains out.", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'd like the old Tide back! It cleaned so well and left clothes smelling great. But the addition of Acti-Lift has changed everything. Clothes come out stiff rather than soft, and with no pleasant scent, just an off odor. I'm so disappointed, I've been trying other brands. I just can't use this product anymore.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Garbage. Ruining my clothing by depositing hard melted lumps, sticking them together. Going to find another brand of detergent. Done with these and Tide.', {'entities': [(148, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide and have been completely satisfied, so I was excited to buy the Pods. However, I have found the undissolved pod in my dryer on several occasions. I didn't discover it until I was removing the clothes from the dryer. The clothes were spotted all over from the undissolved detergent. I had to wash them again. After it happened again tonight, I will not use the Pods again.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is horrible. I have used it to wash sheets and towels. It faded the colors, made them look like they had bleach put on them or were tie dyed. I just bought a new set of sheets and used the pods, it ruined them before I even got to use them. It makes sense when you think about it. This pod is sitting on your laundry why its dissolving its concentrated formula right on the laundry. It has ruined about 500 worth of towels and sheets. I will never use Tide products again.', {'entities': [(465, 469, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Since all of my children help with or do their own laundry, I was excited about the convenience of Tide Pods for my front loading HE washer. I continually have problems with the pod not dissolving and finding sticky hard gobs on clothing when we pull it out of the dryer. I don't have time to search washed clothing for undissolved packet pieces before drying. The convenience of the product has been negated by the ruined clothing I now have to replace. Going back to Tide liquid.", {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was a loyal Tide user until Acti lift was added to the product several years ago. That is when the scent first changed for the worse. It has never been the same since. It also does not clean as well, especially on whites. I switched to another brand not made by PG but every so often try Tide again. I am very disappointed. You say you base your changes on consumer research. The consumer response based on these reviews should tell you something. No one seems to like any of Tides scents now. Please go back to the old, old original scent.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally buy liquid Tide with no perfume, but I thought I'd try these new pods. Since I could not find unscented pods, I tried one of the scented ones. Big mistake. What a horrible cheap smell! It permeates the whole house, and I had to re-wash my clothes with other detergent to get rid of the smell. I ended up throwing away the rest of the pods after the first wash. I know these things are being sold because enough people buy them, but I can't imagine walking around smelling like this. Needless to say, I'll never buy this again unless unscented type is offered.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so happy when Tide introduced Tide pods, I could not wait to buy them! I wish I would have read some of these product review before I did. Recently these Tide pods have turned all my husbands black police uniforms and some of my favorite black leggings and shirts discolored with white/grayish spots on them! I tried rewashing them right away thinking it was just a residue but when I did so the stain never came out! It also stained my towels that were a light green color I now have white/grayish blotches all over my towels. I have used Tide my whole life and never had any issues with. Very unhappy!', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very weak product. did not get clean or remove stains. Had to wash a second time and went back to ultra tide w/bleach. Wasted time and money at laundromat on the that product. Tide teams needs to increase effectiveness on det/booster.', {'entities': [(176, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide for a kazillion years and have always been extremely satisfied so I thought I would try the PODS. Very disappointed in them, clothes are NOT coming out as bright as they used to - doubt very much if I'll use them anymore instead will go back to the liquid tide I have been using for so long.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pod left bleached out spots on a cardigan and it is now unwearable! Hopefully Tide will reimburse the cost of the cardigan! I must highly recommend that you DO NOT use Tide Pods!! If there was a negative star rating available I would have used it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only use Tide unscented powder. If you can show me that this gets out tomato stains, I'd consider it. There is no detergent on the market that gets out taco sauce, spaghetti and pizza sauce, and even just fresh tomato spatters without a lot of work pretreating. And the new Tide stain remover stuff doesn't either.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide Original for many, many years. The last bottle I purchase has ruined more than enough of my family's clothes. Everything that I have washed that has any color to it has faded and looks like I have poured bleach on everything! I am so disappointed. Many items were new and being washed for the 1st time. Not cool, TIDE!!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide my whole life and have always loved it. That is until I picked up a bottle of the new Acti-lift. I couldn't understand why my husband kept complaining about the smell of his freshly laundered clothes. Found an old bottle of 2x Tide and no more smell. Washed the next load in Acti-lift and the smell is back. Until Acti-lift is gone, I'm a former Tide user.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't know if anyone else has this problem but when ever i use tide pods my clothes, come out smelling like a wet dog. I have done everything to make my clothes smell better. I even use 3 on loads. I would not recommend this to anyone. Tide liquid is so much better and smells amazing!!", {'entities': [(238, 242, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought Tide Pods were great until I did my most recent load of laundry and discovered that the Tide Pod had melted all over 2 of my work shirts, ruining them. The pod left hardened white stains from the coating of the pod on the shirts that will not come off. They were my favorite shirts and I was very upset that they were ruined. I'm going back to regular laundry detergent immediately. The pods are horrible. I won't risk ruining my clothes again.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years, and had to get a new washer, and started using Tide HE. But, I notice on the clothes it leaves soap spots, So I tried turning the clothes inside out, but it still leaves soap spots. This is very disapointing.!!! The washer is a top loading with no agitator in the middle. The directions said to put the detergent on the bottom and then add the clothes. What is my problem It has a lid locking thing on it also, so can't check the clothes while washing. Thank you if you can solve this problem.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried Tide a couple times, and in fact was excited about the new stain removal additives. Everytime I have tried it, it seems to eat my clothes. My t-shirts are a little fuzzy on top and my jeans, the seams suddenly split. Threads at hems appear. What gives My towels have suddenly dark water in the machine, I suspect its the fabric fibers and not dirt, they certainly weren't that dirty. I don't want to buy new clothes before I have to, I won't buy a product that promotes that.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods turned an entire load of white clothes into blue splotchy clothes. I expected much more from Tide. There was no warning anywhere on the bag to this effect.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found out the hard way that the Tide Pods stain clothes...not just whites! I have a front load HE washer and was under the impression the Pods would be a good fit - so disappointed...especially at the cost of the product!', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There is no way that Tide did extensive research and found long term Tide users actually preferred the new scent over the original!! It is just awful!! Anyone I know who has ever used Tide has always used it because of the great scent so I just don't believe that consumers would have wanted to change it. I'm beyond disappointed that you changed the scent and even more so that you continue to advertise it as Original. It is not the original scent so you are misleading the consumer. I just returned my bottle thinking it was a mislabeled batch but realized it wasn't so now I will be switching brands. Shame on you, Tide!!", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I grew up with my mother using Tide for all our clothes. When I moved out on my own, I was of course more inclined to use cheaper detergents, which I quickly learned was more of a get what you pay for scenario, as they never cleaned my clothes nearly as well as Tide. Now, years later, I still use Tide, but something seems to have changed. My clothes are no longer getting as clean as they used to. Also, my 15 month old's shirt had a bit of watery blood on it from where he is teething. It was still damp when I put it in the laundry, even pouring a tad bit of Tide on the spots. For some reason, it did not come out. Washed again, same thing. My wife was also a die-hard Tide fan, but she has noticed that stains do not come out like they used to. Not sure if this has to do with the new technology they are using, but we are not happy with something we have used for decades. Very unfortunate.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Okay I have used this product for several months now. I live with other people and have noticed more and more that my clothing and more importantly my Expensive sheets are fading.... it almost looks like bleach spots. I first ruined a load of t-Shirts.... Very strange but I thought maybe someone used bleach in the load before.... To my surprise, I have ruined 3 sets of nice sheets...... I Love tide and their products.... it is a great brand with a mostly great reputation. I am quite particular when it comes to doing laundry... and I ALWAYS put the pod in first and start the water on at least warm to help the Pod get started.... that just made sense to me.... I have always used these in a front loader washer and I have suffered the discolored clothing/sheets in both. Again, Love Tide but not using or recommending this product to anyone...Please fix this before others ruin their clothing too. :(', {'entities': [(789, 793, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've scratched my head for several days after seeing more and more clothes come out of my wash with random, splotchy stains. My daughter's school uniform includes navy polo shirts and khaki slacks. I wash them separately, but the navy shirts now have areas of slight--but noticeable--fading, and the khakis are spotted with slightly darker-than-khaki stains. In other articles of clothing, such as a lime green t-shirt, I now have stains that look similar to the color of the detergent and in a splatter pattern, perhaps from when the soap first touched the garment. I am using my first jug of Tide Acti-Lift, so it finally makes sense. I am meticulous with my laundry, so I'm more than frustrated that so much of it is now ruined. My mother used Tide for many years, and I have used it for a while. But because of this experience, I will find something different to use. No more Tide for me!", {'entities': [(594, 598, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I opened the package of Ocean Mist--- It smelt like New Haven,CT near the shore line--- which is not a pleasant smell... So I was afraid to add it to my laundry. I then decided to get one of the bottle of tide detergents with the sample pack of spring meadow and I opened that one up and it also smelt strong and an unpleasant smell... However I braved it on some of my less important clothes hoping that it was just the fact that it was so concentrated, and tossed it in. It came out smelling Okay (not like the way I like with either Tide with Downy April Fresh or Tide Clean Breeze or dare I say it Gain Original although it is also a PG brand had to throw it in there because its cheaper than Tide and does just about as good of a job and I love the smell too.) However--- for those who make a mess with powder and liquid detergents like my parents and my sister. (liquid can leak all over the side of the bottle and powder and liquid both can be split then you waste product) Toss it in and no product waste and no mess. Good overall idea--- however I personally do not like the smell This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(541, 545, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods do not dissolve properly so often that every wash I have to check if the plastic casing is sticking my clothes together. Not worth the hassle or the embarrassment if I miss one.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to love my pods now I hate them. They are not dissolving. They are staining my clothes if I do not catch the article of clothing that the pod is stuck to before putting it in the dryer. Tide must have changed something just not dissolving like they used too. Worst part just bought a mega pack at Costco.', {'entities': [(193, 197, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My boyfriend's mom bought these Tide Pods because she thought it was neat. Looking at the product I agreed. it works well with towels but who really cares what towels look like. I just purchased a new bed sheet set, quite pricey and it discolored it. There are white blotches all over it. Disappointed.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('They exploded all over my clothes several times now, ruining my clothes. Just now I just took my wash out and the blue completely dyed my white work shirt. They constantly explode ruining clothes, and make clothes feel gross. I love Tide, but will be going back to regular detergent by them instead.', {'entities': [(233, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So disappointed with this product. Have always thought of Tide as one of the premium detergents. But these are horrible. And it took me about 4 loads to figure out the culprit. The plastic casing does NOT dissolve completely. And I did not realize until the loads came out of the dryer. When the undisolved casing makes it through your dryer it hardens a sticky wad of plastic into something resembling super glue. If you dont catch it before the dryer, your clothes/linens will be totally RUINED. Perhaps the plastic goo could be rinsed when it is still wet, but once it goes in the dryer it will never come out. When I tried to pull the hard plastic apart it actually ripped the fabric. It is like hard plastic purple/bluish super glue. And I always wash in warm with a warm rinse. And I do not run overfull loads. I have a front loading HE. I will never use these again warn everyone else to stick to the liquid. I wouldn't use these if they were given to me for free. Very disappointed at the various ruined clothes linens. Tide should pull this product.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very satisfied with Tide Pods until I used them on my beautiful, very expensive white towels. I now have purple stains on every single towel. I've tried everything to remove the stains, but nothing has worked. I spoke with Tide's customer service, and I was informed that I misused the product. Apparently, the pod is supposed to go into the washer (I have a front loader) before adding the clothes. The CS rep stated that the pod should dissolve as the water fills in the drum from the bottom -- before it touches clothes. So, I guess I am technically to blame however, if there is even a chance that staining would occur, I really feel as if there should be a warning on the box. I did wash a load of old white towels using their instructions, and that load also had stains. The pod did dissolve -- all over my white towels. I'm still a huge Tide fan, so I will purchase a different product -- just not the Pods.", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I called the Tide Company and asked about the quantity of detergent in the Tide pods. I was assured that the amount of detergent in the pods would be okay for any size load of laundry. This did not sound right to me. I have had my water tested by 3 different companies, and each one said that I have very good water, which is not too hard and not too soft. I tried a Tide pod for a small to medium size load of laundry. When the wash cycle was complete, the clothes felt sticky, and there were some suds left in the washer. I had to put the clothes through 4 more wash cycles without any detergent, to get the detergent out of the clothes. This was a big waste of time and water, which defeated the purpose of of having an HE washer. The Tide pods are not suitable for small or medium size wash loads. If you do a small or medium size load, you have to use either Tide HE powder or Tide HE liquid, so you can adjust the amount of detergent to the size of the wash load. Therefore, I will never use tide pods again. I only tried it once and had to throw the rest of them away.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This HE formula is horrid. Absolutely HORRID. Not a single store in my area carries the REGULAR tide anymore. They are all the HE brand. Our clothes and towels are literally worn once, no mud, no dirt...and the HE is what we're FORCED to use now. I have to wash the clothes 3 times for the water to turn clear. I don't know what stores no longer carry the regular and I don't know what Tide says it works the same. It does not. Not everyone has an HE washer, nor do we plan on having something in our house that creates mold. This is crazy. I'm allergic to most detergents so I have to use Tide and now it costs me so much money to do a single load. I'm furious and tired of it. It's not fair to the consumer. And it's not just my area. I am hearing it from many people online...the non HE detergent is not available by them and the HE version does not work in a regular washer.", {'entities': [(386, 390, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was initially pleased with Tide Pods when they first came out. I bought them multiple times, and did not have any problems. Recently, I bought a new package of Pods, and have had nothing but complaints about it. In the 10+ loads of laundry I have completed (in both hot/cold temperatures), there has been hard and sticky residue left upon my clothing. I then have to re-wash the items by hand in order to try and get the detergent off. In addition, MANY of my clothes have been stained purple and orange. I have tried bleaching items to remove the stains, but have not been able to clear the stains completely. I am extremely upset and disappointed with this product. I will no longer buy Tide Pods after so many of my items have been permanently ruined. Something that was meant to be so simple and easy to use has turned into making laundry more work than it needs to be. I would NOT recommend this product to anyone.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the pods for a few months now. I have been noticing these nasty sticky marks and the fabric sticking together. I thought maybe someone left something in a pocket. Well i have been doing laundry today and found out that the pod isn't dissolving in the wash. I have 2 shirts for work that are totally ruined because i have blue stain all over one and sticky plastic container holding the shirts pinched together. I am very disappointed. I wash my clothes in warm water. I just got my mom to purchase them the other day thinking they are great. I truly hope that she doesn't have this problem. I won't be purchasing the pods again. I have used the Purex pods and have never had an issue. I liked what Tide pods had to offer but they obviously do not work as well. I really wanted them to help make life easier but no go. If they make a better package that dissolves correctly then i might purchase again.", {'entities': [(716, 720, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While the detergent does a good job of cleaning, the clothes are left with an acidic smell that gets worse if the person works up a sweat. I have noticed it on others who use the detergent. Is there any way to eliminate the odor, maybe make it like Tide Original powder, which simply smells clean. Thank you', {'entities': [(249, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
("tried Tide Febreze Sport and found it smelled awful, then left blue stains! I got the stains out the first time since I hadn't dried it yet, but the next time dried the clothes and ruined 3 items. Tide told me to wash it in hot water, but the stains are still there. My clothes were ruined, changing from tide after 30 years...", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the original bottle of Tide detergent. I was not happy with my results with taking stains out. I used the tide detergent and the Tide pods together. When the laundry was done my daughters clothes were still stained.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using Tide w/Acti-Lift, our colored towels began fading. A sour odor was very prominent in the towels when used after showering, and the sour odor could be detected on our skin hours later. I changed brands, re-washed everything, and the towels are fresh odor free. Is there an ingredient/chemical in the Acti-Lift that is causing this problem', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide original scent for over 25 years. It's all I use when not using Unscented! Now, the scent is different. It smells like cheap perfume, just as bad as all the other cheap detergents out there. I have always used Tide because all of the other products leave an obnoxious smell on my clothes. Now I can't even use Tide!!!!! Why did you change the scent", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why did the have to change ORIGINAL scent I love the old scent. It was the reason we bought the detergent. The new scent is overly perfumed and it irritates my daughter's sensitive skin. And Tide Free Gentle does not have the same cleaning power as Original Tide. Tide was always my family's detergent -- it had been since my grandmother! But they've lost a customer until they change the scent back!", {'entities': [(191, 195, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using the Liquid Tide with acti-lift a few months ago and I started getting orange stains on my light colored clothes, sheets, and towels. I did not realize it was the Tide Liquid right away bur finally did some research on the internet and testimonials from others who were having the same problems. I have ruined clothes, sheets and towels. The stains will not come out. I used powdered Tide for years and never had this problem. Something in this new formula is really bad and should be taken off the market.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What happened to the cleaning ability of the Tide of years ago This is another of the Tide family of declining products. I wash clothes the same way that I did 10 years ago and yet my clothes are not nearly as clean after washing in any formula of Tide. I do think that perhaps the powdered formula cleans a little better than the liquid. I would love to find some detergent that would clean on the first wash!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not sure why but Tide keeps suggesting to use the Mountain Spring scent if we don't like the awful new original scent. Nice suggestion but does Tide understand that if you have a HE washer you must use HE detergent Hello-- they do not make the powder in HE in mountain spring and they supposedly make it in the liquid but I can not find it anywhere in stores or on the internet. If the liquid is really available please tell me where, I've already tried the product locator and it turned up nothing.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I too have had issues with blue staining in my laundry while using the Tide Pods. After reading all of the negative reviews, when can we expect a solution. How about remove the blue dye in the product', {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had run completely out of detergent and had to go get some new detergent. I saw the Tide Pods and thought that would be wonderful, we do a lot of laundry so that would make it a lot easier on us as well. I tried to use my first pod this morning, I have an HE washer and it says approved for HE, I dropped it in the washer, added my clothes and about 10 minutes into sensing as my washer says, it just shuts off. I've never had this problem with my liquid Tide detergent. I was really excited to buy these new Pods, but was very disappointed when trying to use them. I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought them, I would have just stuck to my normal liquid detergent.", {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a Tide Pod sample and was eager to try it on a load of white laundry. I followed the instructions, and discovered blue spots on a couple of my shirts, socks, and a towel, as well as an undissolved pod stuck to one of my long-sleeves. I'm extremely dissatisfied with this product, as it ruined almost half of the load of laundry. I will not be purchasing this product, or recommending it to others. (especially after reading other reviews, I'm glad I didn't use it on a load of towels or sheets!) P.S. This website it terrible. Links don't do what they should, and information is falling off the page, so Canadian e-mails can't be seen/sent properly. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had no idea I would have to check my clean clothes for tide pod residue so I tossed them into the dryer and now I am out some nice clothes. Tide Pods are GARBAGE and should be taken OFF the market.', {'entities': [(142, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would not recommend the Tide Pods. I have had trouble with them leaving purple spots on laundry and the plastic case not dissolving as it should. PG should really take this product off the market. Nice idea in theory, but they do not perform well at all.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have stopped using all forms of liquid Tide as they have caused a strange odor (chemical smell / mildew) to occur after I use my bath towels. In fairness I have experimented with other brands and they too cause the same odor. I have reverted back to powder form of detergent and no longer have this problem.', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("tried Tide Febreze Sport and found it smelled awful, then left blue stains! I got the stains out the first time since I hadn't dried it yet, but the next time dried the clothes and ruined 3 items. Tide told me to wash it in hot water, but the stains are still there. My clothes were ruined, changing from tide after 30 years...", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have high regard for Tide products. However, this product made me second guess. I appreciate how easy and clean it was to do the laundry. There are no spills or residue on my hands. However, it faded my load of laundry!!! This is NOT ok. Good idea, bad product.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought a large bag of Pods and did numerous loads of laundry last weekend then noticed that ALL the clothes, towels and blankets have a strong smell like rubbing alcohol. It is horrible. I LOVE Tide Liquid detergent and will stick with that instead. I would recommend you start with a small sample of Pods to see if you have the same experience. Don't waste your time and money like I did :-)", {'entities': [(196, 200, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was excited to try new Tide Pods they seemed economical to buy-boy was I wrong. It takes two for even the smallest load and no suds at all. I always use Tide products and feel very disappointed that they do not meet the standards I am used to with Tide products-unfortunately there is no satisfaction guaranteed label on the back and I can see why.', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for over 40 years and have used almost of their products at one time or another, but these are by far the most disappointing product I have used. Not only did the product stick to, and stain some of my things, but the odor is disgusting...it smells fishy to me. The first time I thought it was something else causing the odor, so I re-washed, the next time, same thing. Unfortunately, I have a very low income and live in an apartment with pay laundry machines, and the last thing I needed was not only spending my money on Tide Pods, but now I have to go purchase new detergent, and once again, spend the money to rewash everything.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is a product that I've seen in most of my family's laundry room as far back as I could remember and its the detergent of choice in my home. So when these pods came out I thought, what a great idea, my detergent just became more efficient. Well... to make a long story short, this detergent has lightly/ slightly faded four polo shirts of mine and two blouses of my wife and random articles in my daughters wardrobe. Like I said, this started off as a good idea but the different liquids within each pod or the ratio of those liquids need to be reevaluated.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are awful, stained and ruined our clothes.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods dont dissolve completely. They stick to my clothing then harden. Ruined my clothes, I cant salvage them. So upset. I dislike this product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the mountain spring 100oz Tide laundry detergent. When I opened it it smelled bad, After I used it it made the clothes smell like mold. After they were dry I had to rewashed them because they smelled even worse. I do not recommend this scent try meadows and rain, it was nice.', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got angry at my wife when I found a sticky glob on my towel. I thought it was chewing gum. My wife said it was Tide Pods. She has used Tide exclusively for many years and was disappointed that the Pods created such a mess. It is a bad product and I told my wife that Tide may not be the best product to use.', {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work for a family who has a son that plays football and wears white t-shirts and white football pants. Ever since I started using the new Tide with acti-lift it has made the sweat stains turn yellow. It has ruined at least 6 shirts and 2 pairs of football pants. I would say if your trying to make sweat stains come to forefront of clothes you've done your job. Not happy at all!", {'entities': [(140, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We only use Tide in our house. For our kids, teens, and racing...it's the only thing that works. STAY away from the 96 oz container!! It ruined my whole laundry cart since no matter how I turned the bottle, liquid would run down the sides. What a mess! I won't ever buy this size again!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have stopped using all forms of liquid Tide as they have caused a strange odor (chemical smell / mildew) to occur after I use my bath towels. In fairness I have experimented with other brands and they too cause the same odor. I have reverted back to powder form of detergent and no longer have this problem.', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('glad other people found the same problem after using Tide He. Since it uses less water to clean, the fragrance should be lessened by half', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the mountain spring 100oz Tide laundry detergent. When I opened it it smelled bad, After I used it it made the clothes smell like mold. After they were dry I had to rewashed them because they smelled even worse. I do not recommend this scent try meadows and rain, it was nice.', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have found that the animal fat used in the liquid HE product leaves a residue on the inner drum of the washer causing it to smell like mildew. It is difficult to remove the smell. I'm not sure but I think this product can only be used when doing HOT Hot water washes. The residue has left black marks on many of my white clothes requiring rewashing. The powdered HE doesn't seem to cause this same problem. I am now wondering if all of Tides liquid products contain animal fat!", {'entities': [(438, 442, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought a bottle of Mountain Spring 2x Tide, and was astonished at the strength of the scent. It is so strong that it makes me sneeze. In fact, the other day I wore a pair of socks washed in this detergent - everything else had been washed in something else - and I was able to clearly smell this Tide all day! I do not want my detergent to overpower everything else. I will not buy this product again.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had HE washer for 2 years and tried your HE product. Found it would not rinse as well as regular product and had musty smell. Clothes smelled bad after use. Called Tide. they said leave the door open after use. Switched back to reg detergent. Would like to try again. maybe i did something wrong.', {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I do not like the new Tide 2X. No matter how little I use, soap remains in dense fabrics, such as towels, and I can't get it out. My daughter and I both have noticed that our clothes feel itchy with the new Tide. I have used Tide all my life, but I may have to change to something else, since I can no longer get regular Tide. Have others noticed this also", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently bought Tide with acti-lift for the first time, and I washed a load full of white clothes. They are all ruined. They have blue stains that are the color and design of the detergent ALL over them. I am so upset.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for 37 years, through rich and not so rich periods in my life.... I've always spent the extra money on Tide because it really was worth it, and the clothes came out REALLY CLEAN, but lately my clothes are dingy, and not any cleaner than the lower priced detergents. I am greatly disappointed after all these years, and am experimenting with other detergents.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Remember when some genius at the Coca-Cola company decided to change the formula for Coke 'Classic' And it was a huge failure Seems the same person is now working for PG as I have used Tide for years and am now checking out all my area stores to try and find the original formula Tide.... This ActiLift formula has spotted several loads of clothing, as mentioned on many sites, including this one. Even with putting the detergent into the water and letting it agitate before adding my clothes, I have several articles which have blue splotches on them,which is weird when you have ONLY whites in the load. If I can't stock up on the original formula (LOVED the Coldwater one) I will be changing to a different brand!", {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Liquid for years and have been very happy with it until the Acti-Lift was added to it. The detergent now makes my laundry smell terrible- a very strong, bitter odor. It also made my white towels turn gray. My family and friends have also complained about the same problem, especially the awful smell. Tide, you keep insisting that the scent has not changed and tell us to use Tide free and gentle. I do not want no smell. I want a nice smell. I see other reviewers wrote in about the same problem with the Acti-Lift ( especially those who use Tide with Downey). Tide, please listen to your customers and give them what they want. I HATE the smell of the Acti-Lift and have switched to a new detergent. You must be losing many other customers because of this problem. Tide is like an American tradition and you have ruined a product we have loved for years. I am sorry to say I will never use Tide again unless the Acti-Lift is taken out and the old formula is back again.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide my whole life and have always loved it. That is until I picked up a bottle of the new Acti-lift. I couldn't understand why my husband kept complaining about the smell of his freshly laundered clothes. Found an old bottle of 2x Tide and no more smell. Washed the next load in Acti-lift and the smell is back. Until Acti-lift is gone, I'm a former Tide user.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I grew up with my mother using Tide for all our clothes. When I moved out on my own, I was of course more inclined to use cheaper detergents, which I quickly learned was more of a get what you pay for scenario, as they never cleaned my clothes nearly as well as Tide. Now, years later, I still use Tide, but something seems to have changed. My clothes are no longer getting as clean as they used to. Also, my 15 month old's shirt had a bit of watery blood on it from where he is teething. It was still damp when I put it in the laundry, even pouring a tad bit of Tide on the spots. For some reason, it did not come out. Washed again, same thing. My wife was also a die-hard Tide fan, but she has noticed that stains do not come out like they used to. Not sure if this has to do with the new technology they are using, but we are not happy with something we have used for decades. Very unfortunate.", {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I want the regular good smelling, hard working Tide back. I sniffed all over my kitchen to find that cheap Borax smell that my mother used to clean with only to find that it was coming from my washer and was somehow tied to your Acti-Lift. I HATED that smell growing up and now it is fuming everything I wear. So i vowed never to grab that again only to find it is in EVERY product you make including my Sports soap that I use for running clothes! What sort of stain do you think i get running 10 miles I do not need acti-lift i need febreeze which now smells like Borax. Thanks but no thanks...searching for new laundry soap!!!', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using the Liquid Tide with acti-lift a few months ago and I started getting orange stains on my light colored clothes, sheets, and towels. I did not realize it was the Tide Liquid right away bur finally did some research on the internet and testimonials from others who were having the same problems. I have ruined clothes, sheets and towels. The stains will not come out. I used powdered Tide for years and never had this problem. Something in this new formula is really bad and should be taken off the market.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Tide as I have a front load washer. I like the product but with the add you are running I wish I had another choose. I will rate the add In todays world when kid try to rule. We need morals more then ever. Your add teaches it is okay to LIE. I can not believe that mother in your add lied to her daughter. If that were the daughter lying would we be so excepting As a upright company you should strive to help with values not tear them down. I get upset every time I see the add. Please think of the message you are sending to our kids. IT IS OK TO LIE to protect yourself... NOT', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just finished the napkins and linens from our Thanksgiving Day dinner. I am so upset with the results that I came to this site to register my disappointment. I don't know what changes have been made, but they aren't working for me. First, the smell of Tide Plus a touch of Downy is disgusting--not a clean smell at all. More like cheap perfume. The real disappointment though is in the results. It has left stains on several items that I had to wash several times (with no detergent) to remove. I have now washed the napkins from yesterday three times and neither the food stains or the Tide stains will not come out! I have washed these napkins for years with great result from the original Tide. I have used Tide for most of my married life (over 40 years), but unless there is some change in the ingredients, I will no longer purchase it. Please go back to the Original scent and formula!", {'entities': [(254, 258, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'd like the old Tide back! It cleaned so well and left clothes smelling great. But the addition of Acti-Lift has changed everything. Clothes come out stiff rather than soft, and with no pleasant scent, just an off odor. I'm so disappointed, I've been trying other brands. I just can't use this product anymore.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It seems inconsistent that I will recommend this to a friend, but rate it so poorly. The detergent itself has been very satisfactory. I have used Tide powder all my life and am a believer. We just got a front loader and now use the liquid HE. My problem is, the design of the largest heaviest dispenser bottle with the push button spout is extremely unwieldy. I thought it was just me, but we needed a new bottle the other day and my husband commented that if any other laundry soap in the shopping aisle had a more thoughtfully designed bottle, he would choose it instead! Unfortunately they were all made from exactly the same mold. And, unfortunately, we believe the designer has never tested his bottle. Anyway, the company who changes this design will get our business. We agreed that there should be a second handle or handhold on the side that becomes the top when you are dispensing the detergent. As baby boomers, we are conscious of the savings in price of the larger volume bottle, but I am not as strong as I used to be and need a better design.', {'entities': [(146, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide my whole life and always loved the smell. I thought I got a bad bottle (Tide liquid with touch of Downy) because the smell was disgusting and stuck with the clothes even after wearing them. Finally noticed the cap said Acti-lift so I went back to the store to get one without, but the entire stock has it. At least give us a choice! I don't have kids, I don't get stains on my clothes, I just want my normal Tide with a fresh smell and no crazy chemicals stinking it up. I won't buy another bottle with Acti-lift, so if that's all there is I will have to switch brands for the first time.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide since 1976 but had to give it up when Acti Lift was added. Everyone in the family complained that the slightest bit of perspiration made their clothes smell like wet moldy towels. Not going to work for an avid sports family.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for years. I've always loved the quality (even though it is on the expensive side) and the smell is (was) the best!!! I hate the smell of the new ActiLift. I want the original scent back! Or, I will have to switch to another brand, which would be very unfortunate.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've scratched my head for several days after seeing more and more clothes come out of my wash with random, splotchy stains. My daughter's school uniform includes navy polo shirts and khaki slacks. I wash them separately, but the navy shirts now have areas of slight--but noticeable--fading, and the khakis are spotted with slightly darker-than-khaki stains. In other articles of clothing, such as a lime green t-shirt, I now have stains that look similar to the color of the detergent and in a splatter pattern, perhaps from when the soap first touched the garment. I am using my first jug of Tide Acti-Lift, so it finally makes sense. I am meticulous with my laundry, so I'm more than frustrated that so much of it is now ruined. My mother used Tide for many years, and I have used it for a while. But because of this experience, I will find something different to use. No more Tide for me!", {'entities': [(594, 598, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use Tide--my favorite laundry detergent. My husband accidentally bought this. So problem 1 is that the packaging does not make it obvious that you are not getting the Original ordinary Tide which is what I like. I used the stuff anyway because I was too lazy to take it back. It cleans just fine but I cannot stand the smell--I had to wash everything again to get it out and some of the scent is still lingering. Ick.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("TIDE RUINED MY SONS 60 ANGELS JERSEY! I am so upset. My toddler has his favorite jersey- he wears it all the time. I just tried this Tide Acti-Lift with Lavender and Downey for the first time (we ALWAYS use liquid Tide- have for years). I washed the jersey by itself in cold, following the care instructions. Some of the liquid Tide spilled on the jersey as I was putting it in and I figured no problem, it's soap, it will wash out. WRONG! I pulled the jersey out of the wash when the cycle completed and too my horror there was a huge dark stain IN THE EXACT PATTERN OF THE SPILL. I have tried washing it again, with soap and without, to no avail. It is completely ruined, and I don't know how I am going to tell my 3-year old that his shirt can't be worn anymore. I am so upset that I am in tears right now. Tide really ruined my evening, and my childs tomorrow.", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using Tide w/Acti-Lift, our colored towels began fading. A sour odor was very prominent in the towels when used after showering, and the sour odor could be detected on our skin hours later. I changed brands, re-washed everything, and the towels are fresh odor free. Is there an ingredient/chemical in the Acti-Lift that is causing this problem', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Awful smell. I thought I had accidentally put a cleaning rag of some sort in with my towels. The smell from using Mountain Spring was awful. I re-washed the towels two times and they still have a putrid smell. I threw that soap out and Im back to my wonderful Original Scent Tide.', {'entities': [(275, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work for a family who has a son that plays football and wears white t-shirts and white football pants. Ever since I started using the new Tide with acti-lift it has made the sweat stains turn yellow. It has ruined at least 6 shirts and 2 pairs of football pants. I would say if your trying to make sweat stains come to forefront of clothes you've done your job. Not happy at all!", {'entities': [(140, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used the powder tide all my life and it has always cleaned my clothes. Whites are whiter and colors have always been brighter. Recently I purchased a frontloader washer that requires HE detergents. I started buying the HE liquid Tide since that's all you can find in my area of town. This laundry detergent is a disappointment. My whites are dull and dingy and the colors are blah! I miss using my original tide. If a consumer is forced to use HE products with their new washers then I expect Tide to produce a product that is as sufficient as the original Tide. I do not recommend this product at all.", {'entities': [(236, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only use Tide unscented powder. If you can show me that this gets out tomato stains, I'd consider it. There is no detergent on the market that gets out taco sauce, spaghetti and pizza sauce, and even just fresh tomato spatters without a lot of work pretreating. And the new Tide stain remover stuff doesn't either.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried Tide a couple times, and in fact was excited about the new stain removal additives. Everytime I have tried it, it seems to eat my clothes. My t-shirts are a little fuzzy on top and my jeans, the seams suddenly split. Threads at hems appear. What gives My towels have suddenly dark water in the machine, I suspect its the fabric fibers and not dirt, they certainly weren't that dirty. I don't want to buy new clothes before I have to, I won't buy a product that promotes that.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What happened to the cleaning ability of the Tide of years ago This is another of the Tide family of declining products. I wash clothes the same way that I did 10 years ago and yet my clothes are not nearly as clean after washing in any formula of Tide. I do think that perhaps the powdered formula cleans a little better than the liquid. I would love to find some detergent that would clean on the first wash!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was excited to try this product. I have always enjoyed Tide, but I was highly disappointed. The clothes did not come out smelling nicely, they were not soft, and the clothes were full of static cling. I would not recommend this product.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide since 1976 but had to give it up when Acti Lift was added. Everyone in the family complained that the slightest bit of perspiration made their clothes smell like wet moldy towels. Not going to work for an avid sports family.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The label said it was fine for HE washers. I have a 4 year old Maytag Duet washer. The pods make WAY too many suds. Now I have a huge container of Ocean Mist pods that I cannot use. I love Tide products but these pods are not for my washer. Back to liquid HE Tide. Disappointed.', {'entities': [(189, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Last 5 months 3 leaking containers, seams, feet, thin walls, plastic scrap in spigot. Lost half or more detergent, big messes to clean. Can't afford to buy Tide and lose half due to poor packaging.", {'entities': [(156, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide original scent for over 25 years. It's all I use when not using Unscented! Now, the scent is different. It smells like cheap perfume, just as bad as all the other cheap detergents out there. I have always used Tide because all of the other products leave an obnoxious smell on my clothes. Now I can't even use Tide!!!!! Why did you change the scent", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Original Tide liquid was the only scented detergent I could use that I wasn't allergic to. This is no longer the case. I have used Tide exclusively for 15 years without issue. Now, the smell is overbearing and I'm allergic to whatever perfumes/chemicals used in the new formulation. You just lost a long time, loyal customer. Thanks for the rash.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new scent is horrible. Doesn't even smell like Tide. For as long as I've been doing laundry, I've been using Tide Original. Not anymore. You've lost a once-loyal customer.", {'entities': [(51, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using only Tide for 30 some years. I was shocked when I washed a load with my newest bottle and found the scent had changed. I dried the clothing hoping the scent would tone down. It didn't. It is a strong perfume smell that no one in my family likes. I had to rewash clothes in another brands unscented to remove the smell. Why Tide Don't call it your 'original scent' because its not. Label it appropriately and please bring back the original Original scent. No longer a Tide consumer until this changes.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For decades Tide Original Scent was the only detergent that did not aggravate my sensitive skin allergies...now that you have changed it, I can no longer use it as it now causes my skin allergy symptoms to flare up, and I also greatly dislike the new fragrance. I am now forced to hunt down a replacement detergent. Please bring back the old formula and fragrance! Sincerely, Nissa', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("How can you change the scent of Tide HE Original That would make it NOT original anymore. The new scent is awful and smells like bad perfume. Your customer service answer was to buy Mountain Spring instead because that has now become the original scent but you don't sell it in HE formula! What a laundry disaster!", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The scent of Mountain Spring Tide has changed and it is TERRIBLE NOW. I have been a loyal customer for many years -- only buying the Mountain Spring scent Tide and willing to pay more than for other brands. However, the scent has changed since July 2014 and it is now TERRIBLE. I can't stand it and will no longer purchase TIDE at all.", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide Original liquid for years. Following my first use of the new scent (which I was initially unaware had changed), I thought my washer was broken and didn't complete the rinse cycle. The smell was overpowering - like an old lady's stale perfume left over from World War I. I emailed Tide and received this response: Our Tide Original and Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents were upgraded to new and improved scents that still provide a great smell of clean. Our new Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent provides an improved scent experience. Tide Original liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Original powder laundry detergents scent. If you prefer the fragrance from your previous Tide Original, we suggest Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergent as it now contains the old Tide Original fragrance. Tide Mountain Spring liquid laundry detergents scent now matches Tide Mountain Spring powder laundry detergents scent.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a user of Tide for over 20 years, since I first started doing my own laundry in college, and have been completely satisfied...until now. It seems they have changed the formula for Original Tide (including Mountain Spring). The new formula smells absolutely HORRIBLE. It is a sickly sweet, heavily perfumed smell that I can not stand to be around, let alone wear clothes that were washed in the scent. I was able to find some bottles of the old formula in a local store (New formula cap says 6X Clean Even In Cold) (Old formula cap says My Tide cap 6 cap) and had to rewash all of my clothes in the old formula. If this formula is not changed back, once my old formula Tide is depleted, you will lose a customer for life. And I'm sure I'm not the only one who feels this way. Please change it back.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This HE formula is horrid. Absolutely HORRID. Not a single store in my area carries the REGULAR tide anymore. They are all the HE brand. Our clothes and towels are literally worn once, no mud, no dirt...and the HE is what we're FORCED to use now. I have to wash the clothes 3 times for the water to turn clear. I don't know what stores no longer carry the regular and I don't know what Tide says it works the same. It does not. Not everyone has an HE washer, nor do we plan on having something in our house that creates mold. This is crazy. I'm allergic to most detergents so I have to use Tide and now it costs me so much money to do a single load. I'm furious and tired of it. It's not fair to the consumer. And it's not just my area. I am hearing it from many people online...the non HE detergent is not available by them and the HE version does not work in a regular washer.", {'entities': [(386, 390, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the original bottle of Tide detergent. I was not happy with my results with taking stains out. I used the tide detergent and the Tide pods together. When the laundry was done my daughters clothes were still stained.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this Tide bottle the other day and hard as I try cannot get the darn thing open. Removed the seal, but all of it didn't come off...came off in pieces, and I cannot get the remainder of the plastic seal off the bottle cap. I am so frustrated I am ready to throw the thing against the wall and stomp on it. My last resort is to punch a hole in the bottle and transfer the contents to another laundry bottle, which will NOT be Tide. If Tide can't do a better job of packaging their liquid laundry detergent I will NEVER buy Tide or any of their products again.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide Original for many, many years. The last bottle I purchase has ruined more than enough of my family's clothes. Everything that I have washed that has any color to it has faded and looks like I have poured bleach on everything! I am so disappointed. Many items were new and being washed for the 1st time. Not cool, TIDE!!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought two new t-shirts in dark colors. When I washed them there were little spots all over the shirts that looked like grease spots. I have tried every kind of spot removal to no avail. They are now every day work shirts. I have two daughters that have had the same problem with Tide. I will only use it on my whites and towels.', {'entities': [(282, 286, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I hate the new smell. I am looking for a new laundry product. I have used Tide for 20 years.', {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new scent is horrible. Doesn't even smell like Tide. For as long as I've been doing laundry, I've been using Tide Original. Not anymore. You've lost a once-loyal customer.", {'entities': [(51, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide, this product leaves stains that melt together when put in the dryer, I have a Maytag frontloader, the pod has ruined two of my husbands shirts. The pods do not totally dissolve.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I hate the new smell. I am looking for a new laundry product. I have used Tide for 20 years.', {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually use Gain, and tried something different with the Tide Pods, and the Spring Meadow does not have a fresh smell and makes my clothes smell worse.', {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods ruined 3 of my shirts, did not dissolve and stained my clothes! Went back to the liquid Tide.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Tide pods because Tide powder, which I would normally use, is no longer available. Like many others have pointed out, this product is the absolute worst. As others have noted, the pods do not always dissolve completely. And before someone from PG customer service replies to ask, the answer is yes I do put the pods in the drum first and NO the machine is not overloaded! Nonetheless, I still end up with purple blotches on my clothes. Before, whenever I did a load of laundry, I always programmed an extra rinse cycle. However, since I've been using the pods I find it necessary to add an extra, extra rinse cycle - and even that does not always work. Ocassionally, I still end up with purple blotches from the undissolved pod. Having to add an extra, extra rinse is obviously a complete waste of energy and water, and it's a step I should not have to take! The idea of the pods is commendable however execution is sorely lacking. Designers need to go back to the drawing board and find a better dissolving material to encapsulate the detergent. I guess I'll have to start using the liquid from now on.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("TIDE RUINED MY SONS 60 ANGELS JERSEY! I am so upset. My toddler has his favorite jersey- he wears it all the time. I just tried this Tide Acti-Lift with Lavender and Downey for the first time (we ALWAYS use liquid Tide- have for years). I washed the jersey by itself in cold, following the care instructions. Some of the liquid Tide spilled on the jersey as I was putting it in and I figured no problem, it's soap, it will wash out. WRONG! I pulled the jersey out of the wash when the cycle completed and too my horror there was a huge dark stain IN THE EXACT PATTERN OF THE SPILL. I have tried washing it again, with soap and without, to no avail. It is completely ruined, and I don't know how I am going to tell my 3-year old that his shirt can't be worn anymore. I am so upset that I am in tears right now. Tide really ruined my evening, and my childs tomorrow.", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use these pod type soaps exclusively in the dishwasher and have used other detergent brands' pods/gel packs in laundry. .I'm very familiar with the need to keep these pods dry. I purchased Tide pods last Tuesday. I cut open the bag above the zip-lock closure and made sure the bag was still closed tightly and put on shelf in laundry room. Today, the pods were a globby mess, Plastic pouches all stuck together,... blue and white liquids had leaked but the orange liquid was still encased in all pods... Very expensive, mess. If they are this sensitive to dampness found in a laundry room...how will they hold up when the humidity of summer hits my area I know I can't let any of the teenagers use these...they will never be cautious enough with the need to keep hands dry when touching the packs....This is not an issue with the other gel packs I use....very disappointed.", {'entities': [(191, 195, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first used the pod I thought how great is this! I purchased the new PODS. Then first load my sheets had stuck together like super glue. I didn't know what happen. Brand new had not even used them. Next load my husbands clothes and his shirts that have his work insignia on them. He wore his shirt to work and the back side was stuck together imagine that for a VP of a company. I had to bring him another shirt. Next I did my whites well I checked every item and found the residue from the pod it was blue gooey mess. I was able to get it out as I had found it prior to drying it. It did leave a light blue stain but the gooey came off with boiling water. Are these PODs not good for front load washers Please Tide reply to let me know if reimbursement will be made for my husbands work shirt. Boiling water didn't work on it as it had been though the dryer already", {'entities': [(717, 721, 'PRODUCT')]})
('At first, this product was great, but in the past month I have had to throw clothes away due to its wrapper not dissolving throughly in the wash ( I do pre-soak, Stain cycle, and extra rinse on ALL my wash loads). The film does nto dissolve all the way and then when I put the clothes in teh dryer, it turns into a hard plastice like substance that sticks to teh cloths and stucks them together. It is impoosible to get out and I have to throw stuff away! I suppost my kids and self on under 2600 a month, I cannot afford to just throw clothes away!!!! At first I thought my kid left something in a pocket, but after MANY washes having this occur sporatically, it came to see if it happened with a different type of Tide and it did not it ONLY occurs when I uses these Pods! iF YOU CARE ABOUT YOUR CLOTHES, BE FOREWARNED THEY MAY JUST BE RUINED BY THIS PRODUCT!', {'entities': [(716, 720, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Recently I purchased Tide pods and have ruined many clothes due to the pods not dissolving thus leaving a hard plastic residue on clothing.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods first time user here. What a horrible product this Tide Pod is. The Tide Pods don't dissolve and stick half-melted to clothes and filter section. How on earth did this get through QA", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a lifelong, brand loyal Tide customer, I was thrilled when I saw PODS in the store and noted it could be used in HE washers. Following the directions, I placed the POD in the bottom of my washer and placed clothes on top. At least four times, the outer shell has not dissolved and went undetected until after the dryer. What a pain! I have to soak and scrub it out and then rewash to make sure no residue is remaining. I am very disappointed in this product. I find it hard to believe that this did not come up in product testing as others have experienced this as well. I expect great things from PG and Tide and firmly believe you get what you pay for. In this case, I got an inferior product. I will think twice about trying a new Tide product in the future.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used other brands and had spots on my clothes and had to rehash to remove them. I thought I would pay a little more for the Tide brand with hopes to not waste so much water. I was wrong! Nt only did I have to rehash clothes that were spotted, also I've had 3 loads I couldn't save due to the pods not dissolving and sticking like super glue. My clothes were stuck together and wouldn't come apart. I was able to run very hot water over some to unstick them and them had to run another cycle to wash it all out. However, I just washed a new set of King size luxury Egyptian cotton sheet set and the same thing happened again! I tried to separate the material but again it was like glue and TORE my NEW sheet! I'll NEVER RECOMMEND OR USE AGAIN!!! Furious!", {'entities': [(129, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Our family made the mistake of trying Tide pods after the Christmas holiday. My husband got a some very nice performance fleece pants and shirts. We used the pods for weeks with no problem. All of a sudden the load with the fleece came out of the dryer with dried plastic all over it. It seemed to stick mainly to the fleece items but ruined pants and socks as well. We didn't know where the plastic had come from till we looked under the light and saw the ultra violet color to the plastic. Now my husbands new fleece is ruined and can not be replaced because these types of items are seasonal and no longer available in stores. My husband was very disappointed...thanks so much for ruining his Christmas.", {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the Tide Pods for over a year and they were great in the beginning and now due to the pods not completely dissolving the goop has built up in my front load HE washer. I do not overload my washer and the pods leave a goop on the clothes. I just washed a blouse on normal setting and there were clumps of goop on the blouse. I am so glad I saw it because the set of sheets were ruined because the heat front the dryer caused the goop to harden to the sheets. I tried to wash them again without a pod and the dried goop would not come off the sheet! I ran several empty loads with bleach to clean my washer. Will NEVER use pods again! Just terrible what happened to my clothes bedding!', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got these, wanting to simplify my laundry room, having a pretreater, oxi, and tide pods, but its not meant to be. I read the instructions, and followed them to a T. My laundry came out with the casing fused to my husbands clothes, and with blue dye all over. I use soft water, and a great washing machine, so what gives I have resorted to pre-dissolving my easy and simple pods before I add them to the wash. I am doing this, just so I don't waste them. I am really unhappy, as other tide, especially Tide Ultra white and bright with bleach was rated really well. I am just so upset that all my husbands work close were destroyed. If this is happening to you, I advise you to get ride of them, or dissolve them immediately before use. Really shocked that this is a tide product.", {'entities': [(503, 507, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Am a second generation Tide-Only user, and this is the first time I have not only been dissatisfied but actually disgusted in Tide's performance. These pods are a slimy mess! I have a year-old front loading washer, and when the cycle is finished, there is a glop of colored goo in my front rubber gasket. Cold water wash is the worst. I experimented today to see how long it would stay there before dissolving when I ran more loads (if I didn't wipe it out with a paper towel), and the colored slime never dissolved through 3 more wash loads! Unfortunately, I had bought the 90-pac size of detergent, so I am stuck with it, although I returned to the store and bought both the liquid and granulated traditional Tide. PG, you really let me down!!", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used a store brand of pod and had no problem. Tide has always been a strong, effective detergent that I grew up with. Thought I would try the Tide Pods. The 1st load, my quilt came out of the dryer with areas that were stuck together w/ blue stuff. The 2nd was cotton underwear, had a pair that again was stuck together with something blue that had melted onto it. The plastic POD did not full dissolve,melting onto the garment/quilt. I could pull the quilt apart, but the underwear were ruined. I have this very large container of PODS that I will need to pre-dissolve in a cup prior to use in my front loading washer. I will not buy the Tide Pods again, but will by the store brand.', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not sure one star is fair or appropriate but this issue needs attention. I have used Tide pods and am on my third large container. Up to now I loved them they are quick, easy, effective and it avoids the dribbles that inevitably happen when my husband starts a laundry. BUT...this container is full of pods that are stuck together and/or leaking and is useless. Given the time of year I would guess they were in a hot truck or warehouse and the outside film disintegrated. I would be happy to send pictures. Regardless, I would appreciate knowing whether they should be returned to the store or where to get a refund. Fix the problem and I will return as a loyal full time user. ykckby", {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a loyal Tide customer and have been for many years. I started using Tide pods about 6 months ago. I had clothes occasionally show up with weird purple stains. I thought something had been mixed in with my light clothes by accident. I just recently discovered when washing something in a very small load of all whites that it is the pods making the purple stains on my clothes. It is impossible to get the stains out. Even soaking the clothes in chlorine bleach doesn't get it out. I am so disappointed and I really don't want to go back to powder or liquid. I have no choice but to do that or switch to a brand that has pods with no dye. I have definitely purchased my last Tide Pods, at least until they come out with a dye free version.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Remember when some genius at the Coca-Cola company decided to change the formula for Coke 'Classic' And it was a huge failure Seems the same person is now working for PG as I have used Tide for years and am now checking out all my area stores to try and find the original formula Tide.... This ActiLift formula has spotted several loads of clothing, as mentioned on many sites, including this one. Even with putting the detergent into the water and letting it agitate before adding my clothes, I have several articles which have blue splotches on them,which is weird when you have ONLY whites in the load. If I can't stock up on the original formula (LOVED the Coldwater one) I will be changing to a different brand!", {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Like everyone else, I bought it for the convenience factor. Grab one, toss it in the washer and walk away. I had been using them for a couple of months with no problem until about a week ago. I was washing an expensive duvet and pillowcases. One of the pillowcases had melted plastic stuck to it surrounded by a huge orange spot. Ive tried everything to get the plastic off but nothing worked. I have finally accepted the fact that they are ruined. I told a friend from work what happened and she said she had to pay a plumber to unclog her pipes that had been stopped by the plastic pieces of these pods. Does anyone know if Tide will compensate for damage caused by its products', {'entities': [(626, 630, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using this product in a new GE high efficiency washer that is less than a year old, simply put, clothes do not come out clean. I first noticed a problem when underwear washed with Tide HE in hot water still smelled unwashed, bad body odor. The odor really becomes noticeable when the clothes warm up on the body. Apparently, Tide HE does not get out the body oil and skin particles. For colored clothes - polo shirts, slacks - Tide HE will only do a satisfactory job if it is augmented by a scoop of Oxyclean. In all cases, the machine was set for extra long soak and double rinse cycles. In the same machine using the same setting, Arm Hammer laundry powder produced very satisfactory results without any additive.', {'entities': [(180, 184, 'PRODUCT')]})
("That's what I would give this product if I could. I am a very busy mom of 3, and always in search of ways to save time, money, and clean-up. I was thrilled when I saw a new product on the shelves at Sam's that would help me avoid the mess that comes with the larger, spout containers that I normally buy, and had no qualms about buying the big package, because I trust the Tide brand for quality. Well... lesson learned. One pack didn't get a load clean, so I had to switch to two. Then I noticed that the packs weren't dissolving completely. I tried making the loads smaller so there would be more water to dissolve them, hoping I could find a way to use the packs until the box was finished, but even this didn't help. I ALWAYS wound up with the sticky mess, and if i didn't catch it before putting my clothes in the dryer, I wound up with a rubbery blob stuck to my clothes. After ruining four shirts this way, I gave up and have the almost full box sitting on the laundry shelf, adding to my list of things to dust. So much for saving time- rewashing clothes that have sticky goo on them, and saving money- using twice as much detergent and replacing ruined clothing blew that apart. All that's left to do is to look on Pinterest for craft ideas for my unused Tide Pods.", {'entities': [(373, 377, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After finally trying Tide Pods I found that they leave marks on the cloths and they do not dissolve completely causing me to have to rewash laundry. Which is a waste of time and money.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used the powder tide all my life and it has always cleaned my clothes. Whites are whiter and colors have always been brighter. Recently I purchased a frontloader washer that requires HE detergents. I started buying the HE liquid Tide since that's all you can find in my area of town. This laundry detergent is a disappointment. My whites are dull and dingy and the colors are blah! I miss using my original tide. If a consumer is forced to use HE products with their new washers then I expect Tide to produce a product that is as sufficient as the original Tide. I do not recommend this product at all.", {'entities': [(236, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide my whole life and always loved the smell. I thought I got a bad bottle (Tide liquid with touch of Downy) because the smell was disgusting and stuck with the clothes even after wearing them. Finally noticed the cap said Acti-lift so I went back to the store to get one without, but the entire stock has it. At least give us a choice! I don't have kids, I don't get stains on my clothes, I just want my normal Tide with a fresh smell and no crazy chemicals stinking it up. I won't buy another bottle with Acti-lift, so if that's all there is I will have to switch brands for the first time.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never bought Tide because I just could never afford it before. Found the new Pods at Sam's Club and thought it was a fabulous deal and so happy that I could finally use the best laundry detergent out there. Well,,after numerous attempts to try to get the blue stains out of clothes, sheets, etc., I had to go and buy Oxyclean to add to the laundry that I had to rewash. It finally worked,,,but now I have a box of Pods sitting there next to the cheaper brands that work just fine! Wasted my hard earned money! And please don't say I didn't use them right, I even tried squishing them in my hands and stirring the water to avoid the stains! UGH!", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There is no way that Tide did extensive research and found long term Tide users actually preferred the new scent over the original!! It is just awful!! Anyone I know who has ever used Tide has always used it because of the great scent so I just don't believe that consumers would have wanted to change it. I'm beyond disappointed that you changed the scent and even more so that you continue to advertise it as Original. It is not the original scent so you are misleading the consumer. I just returned my bottle thinking it was a mislabeled batch but realized it wasn't so now I will be switching brands. Shame on you, Tide!!", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Tide Pods when they first came out. I used them and found they were so much more simple than liquid. I am a Tide user and have been for a very long time. I used Tide Pods for about a month and finally I had to admit that, simple as they may be, they don't work. They stick to clothes. They don't dissolve completely in cold water. My laundry did not smell fresh. I have gone back to Tide liquid and I will stick with that. Tide pods are a great concept. They just need a lot more work before I would even consider trying them again.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product seemed great, easy to use, cheaper, a lot of bang for your buck. However, after serveral loads we started to notice spots on our clothes. Like grease spots. After the use of spray and wash spots still showing up. On the front, back, side, Everywhere. Also, we noticed hard plastic like material on our clothes. Ugh, now we have at least 5 ruined shirts, 2 jackets. I would recommend Tide do more product testing. This totally sucks. Prefectly good clothes ruined by this stupid product. I WOULD NEVER RECOMMEND THIS PRODUCT TO ANYONE!!!!', {'entities': [(396, 400, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I looked up the reviews here to see if anyone else was having my same problem with the pods, and sure enough, here it is. The Tide Pods gave my white jeans purple spots all over them. I rewashed them without detergent and the spots came out but that is more cost to me for having to run the washer/dryer again. They also leave a white residue on clothes that I ended up having to scrub off by hand, which was time consuming. We have 5 teenagers and started using the Pods due to getting tired of cleaning up detergent that was spilled. Looks like we're going back to cleaning up detergent. Thumbs down on this one Tide.", {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried a small bag of Tide pods to see if I liked them. They seemed to work OK, but not as well as the liquid, but I purchased a larger quantity for their convenience. I only used 3 of the pods from the larger bag, and when I unzipped the bag for another load, they had all melted together into a pile of gunk. Also noticed pink stains on my sheets and didn't know what caused the marks until I read the reviews and put two and two together. I have used stain removers and other detergents on the stained sheets to no avail. Very disappointed, since I could always count on Tide for the tough stuff.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When washing in hot water with my white clothing the purple in the pods stains the clothing. It is never a full load so it is not from overloading the machine. It is possible there are stains on my dark clothing too but I just am not seeing it. The website says it can be washed out...it can't. The stains are set. A simple solution would be not to put a color in the solution in the pods! There are alot of complaints about this on the internet, so many people are having the same problem. Tide really needs to discontinue this product or fix it! DONT BUY THESE!!", {'entities': [(491, 495, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent I use. I have tried many others and am always disappointed. However, I am disappointed in Tide Pods. My husband noticed he was getting blue stains on his white T-shirts and we weren't sure why, until we noticed the stains were the same color as the color in the Pods. We always make sure the pods are in the bottom of the washer so they are able to dissolve. This was very disappointing to us...we loved the concept, but we won't be buying the pods any more, especially at that price.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We typically like the quality of Tide, but the pods were a big disappointment. First use ruined two clothing articles. Not sure we'll gamble on using any more from the package.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As many others, I used the Pods and my clothes came out of the washer with purple gunk that left stains. Stain remover and soaking has not helped. I see from this site that many other have had the same experience. Response to the reviews say that Tide is confident that the fully dissolve...hmmm. I think I'll use something else. Maybe I'll try again if Tide changes the formula.", {'entities': [(247, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using tide pods almost a year ago and loved them until recently. Now all my whites are coming out with purple spots all over them. I'm going back to liquid even though I love the convenience of the pods. Tide has a great idea but need to improve on their idea. A lot of stained clothes will be ending up in the landfills. Can't even donate to charity due to stains.", {'entities': [(214, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Tide Pod's for the past couple of months and this is not the first time I purchase them either. Recently, I found that one of the pods was melted to my sweater, and some of the left over detergent had transferred on to my other clothing. Very upset as I cannot replace the sweater or remove the melted-plastic-like podcasing from the fabric. Looks like some further testing or guidelines need to be made regarding which types of fabrics these Pods are not suitable for!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have been washing clothes for decades and have used Tide exclusively for all of these years. We recently switched to Tide Pods and immediately noticed bluish/purple stains appearing on clothes, bed sheets, and wash cloths. The stains seem to be particularly bad in the perspiration area of shirts. Numerous clothes have been ruined. The Pods are always put in first, we never overload the machine, and the washers are less than two years old. There is a problem!', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("How can you change the scent of Tide HE Original That would make it NOT original anymore. The new scent is awful and smells like bad perfume. Your customer service answer was to buy Mountain Spring instead because that has now become the original scent but you don't sell it in HE formula! What a laundry disaster!", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought a bottle of Mountain Spring 2x Tide, and was astonished at the strength of the scent. It is so strong that it makes me sneeze. In fact, the other day I wore a pair of socks washed in this detergent - everything else had been washed in something else - and I was able to clearly smell this Tide all day! I do not want my detergent to overpower everything else. I will not buy this product again.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Purchased you Tide pods (90 I think in jar) and have discovered today that some of the pods leaked and made the other pods in jar stick together and are impossible to separate and therefore impossible to use as intended. A REAL GOOIE MESS. Such a disappointment. I believe your pods need more study before they can be marketable. I placed them on the self in a dry area but the pods did not survive. VERY VERY DISAPPOINTED. About 80 of the pods are useless now.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was excited about the new Tide Pods when I first saw them on the market. That excitement quickly evaporated when I realized my light colored clothing were being stained by the Pods. I have had to throw several light colored pieces of clothing away due to the stains. I only use the Pods in my dark colored loads now. When they are gone I will not purchase them again. I'll stick to my liquid Tide I have used and trusted for 20+ years.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been trying the new PODS from Tide as we have used Tide products for many, many years. Unfortunately we have had a lot a bad results...many shirts from different loads have been ruined!! The staining looks like bleach stains. I am fully aware there is no bleach in the PODS, nor do we use bleach for other loads.I wish I had read the reviews before I used it...but didn't bother since we have loved Tide for numerous years!!", {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a regular tide user and bought the Tide Pods to take on vacation. They left horrible blue spots on all of our laundry. After rewashing several times, it came out of the colored clothes, but the whites are ruined. Will never use again!! Not worth the risk and the loss of some great clothes.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Usually I use tide sport. Wanted to use up the Tide pods I had. I had two pacs of tide pods that were YELLOW. One of the pacs were unopened. I'm sticking with Tide Sport. I'm done with Tide pods.", {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I used the sample of Tide Pod, I included a pair of shorts that had baby spit-up on them. When I took them out, the spit-up was still there! Not just a stain, but the actual spit-up! I was able to wipe it off the shorts with damp rag AFTER I washed them with the Tide Pod. I will say my clothes came out smelling nice, but I have no faith that they are actually clean. I would never purchase this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product has a problem. It leaves blue stains on white or lightly colored (ex. light yellow) and other garments. And subsequent washing with Tide Pods or Tide detergent doesn't resolve the stain. After decades of using only Tide I will be looking for another detergent. I really hope you can get this problem solved.", {'entities': [(145, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used liquid Tide for a long time, but the Pods looked as an item to make laundry even easier. I followed the instructions to the letter, but the pods did not dissolve. The pods were attached to my clothes. I had to wash all over. What a mess. I expected better from a company that promotes so many worth while products.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had HE washer for 2 years and tried your HE product. Found it would not rinse as well as regular product and had musty smell. Clothes smelled bad after use. Called Tide. they said leave the door open after use. Switched back to reg detergent. Would like to try again. maybe i did something wrong.', {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
('glad other people found the same problem after using Tide He. Since it uses less water to clean, the fragrance should be lessened by half', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the Tide pods a week ago and the first time I used them when washing new clothes from christmas. Bad idea!! my daughters new american eagle jeans are ruined because the plastic pod did not disolve and it melted to her jeans. they now have a hard plastic and blue stain on them.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I liked at first, thought it was great I did not over use. But now I get blue stains on my cloths. I have to keep re-washing. Had to go back to the regular liquid Tide.', {'entities': [(163, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods left purple stains on all my white cotton garments - especially where the garment has been in contact with underarm deodorant - the stains are permanent!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a long time Tide user. I usually use Tide liquid original scent for HE washers. I tried the Pods and at first they were great. No drips, easy to use and the same tide clean. After a few weeks my 7 year old broke out in a bad Eczema rash all over his shorts area, armpits and belly. He's had Eczema in the past but we've had it under control for a few years and it was never this bad. After some detective work and elimination I realized it was the pods. I will use Liquid Tide again but not until his rash is gone. For now it's organic dye free scent free stuff. Just wanted to let other mom's and everyone know that the Pods are not for sensitive skin.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I rushed to the store to but the Tide pods. I went washing right after I purchased them. I was skeptical that my load would not wash properly by one Pod so I put two pods in the washer machine. I notice that there was no sud/foam build up in the water from the pods and when I got the clothes out the washer they did not smell like they were washed with tide detergent. I will admit the clothes did not have a bad odor but I did not smell tide in my clothes. I feel they need to make these pods more concentrated and maybe bigger and reccommend more than one pod for the average wash.', {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought Tide PODS after a friend said they were easy to use. I have a front load washer so I read the instructions twice to be sure I could use PODS with it. I put the POD in the washer, then loaded the clothing in. After the washer finished up I opened the door to find a slimy whitish pink substance. Figuring it might just be from one of the kid's items I threw my clothes in the dryer. Upon removing the clothing from the dryer and folding them I found two of my white TShirts had blue and orange stains all over them. Very disappointed in Tide PODS!", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always use Tide--my favorite laundry detergent. My husband accidentally bought this. So problem 1 is that the packaging does not make it obvious that you are not getting the Original ordinary Tide which is what I like. I used the stuff anyway because I was too lazy to take it back. It cleans just fine but I cannot stand the smell--I had to wash everything again to get it out and some of the scent is still lingering. Ick.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought Tide pods to try. I have a front loading washer. I will NEVER purchase this again. I have tried using the pod with hot water, cold water and warm water. It just doesn't matter what water temp. I used, blue stuff was left on the clothes. I had to rewash each load to get the blue off each item. I do think pods are too expensive and a royal pain to use. I definitely would not advise anyone to waste their money and buy this.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a mom of 4 boys, so I do a lot of laundry. This product is horrible. These pods do NOT completely dissolve. I am using the hottest water possible to avoid this, yet my family is constantly finding the plastic coating embedded in our clothes, towels and sheets. Forget about using cold water. DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY. I am using the pods I currently have and never buying them again. Tide should not sell these pods on the market.', {'entities': [(388, 392, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchase the Ocean Mist pods and was very disappointed. The pods were stuck together and when I tried to pull them apart they tore. Detergent poured out. This was a real mess. The ones that didn't tear did not provide the cleaning power I expected from Tide. I will not use this product again.", {'entities': [(255, 259, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought two new t-shirts in dark colors. When I washed them there were little spots all over the shirts that looked like grease spots. I have tried every kind of spot removal to no avail. They are now every day work shirts. I have two daughters that have had the same problem with Tide. I will only use it on my whites and towels.', {'entities': [(282, 286, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm very disappointed with the performance of the Tide Pods. The pods do not completely dissolve causing the clothes to stick together and when re-washed, it still remains stuck on the clothes .Therefore several pieces of clothing have been ruined. I also think the Pods are expensive. Would not recommend .", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('so disappointed. Tide usually a good product. Cannot dissolve in front loading washer. tried tying in a washcloth, tried putting in a sock. Still had plastic sticky residue on my laundry, not just the washcloth or sock. Did not matter if using hot or cold water, still had consistent sticky stuff.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It smells awful, like a bargain-brand detergent. Love the unscented Tide liquid HE, though. How about a fragrance free version of the Pods This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Okay I have used this product for several months now. I live with other people and have noticed more and more that my clothing and more importantly my Expensive sheets are fading.... it almost looks like bleach spots. I first ruined a load of t-Shirts.... Very strange but I thought maybe someone used bleach in the load before.... To my surprise, I have ruined 3 sets of nice sheets...... I Love tide and their products.... it is a great brand with a mostly great reputation. I am quite particular when it comes to doing laundry... and I ALWAYS put the pod in first and start the water on at least warm to help the Pod get started.... that just made sense to me.... I have always used these in a front loader washer and I have suffered the discolored clothing/sheets in both. Again, Love Tide but not using or recommending this product to anyone...Please fix this before others ruin their clothing too. :(', {'entities': [(789, 793, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had run completely out of detergent and had to go get some new detergent. I saw the Tide Pods and thought that would be wonderful, we do a lot of laundry so that would make it a lot easier on us as well. I tried to use my first pod this morning, I have an HE washer and it says approved for HE, I dropped it in the washer, added my clothes and about 10 minutes into sensing as my washer says, it just shuts off. I've never had this problem with my liquid Tide detergent. I was really excited to buy these new Pods, but was very disappointed when trying to use them. I wish I would have read the reviews before I bought them, I would have just stuck to my normal liquid detergent.", {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods first time user here. What a horrible product this Tide Pod is. The Tide Pods don't dissolve and stick half-melted to clothes and filter section. How on earth did this get through QA", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a new HE washer and continued to use Tide liquid for all my washing as I had done before. Then I started adding Tide Boost. Everything was OK until this month. I have done two washes that the white items have come out light blue! Nothing was in either wash that had not ben washed before. I now have three white shirts the most awful color light blue!', {'entities': [(44, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i have used Tide liquid and was happy with that. BUT!!!! this product does not dissolve properly i have had stains on my shirts, i had red and blue undissolved soap i am not happy with this product.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When it comes to laundry detergent I only use the Tide brand. Typically I use liquid Tide, but thought I would try the Tide pods. Even when following the directions of how to use the Tide pods, I have had many items of clothes ruined because of this product. While I've had the previously mentioned purple stains, the most frequent happening is the outer plastic melting into clumps on the clothing. Overall, stick to the liquid!", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've unfortunately had the same experience with blue gummy stains as many here. They were not permanent, I was able to soak the clothes and scrape the solid portions off. It took a few times to realize it was the pods causing this. It would have saved quite a bit of hassle if I'd realized sooner. When they do dissolve fully, they seem to do a fine job cleaning and I like how they smell. For my cold washes, I now use something else and save these for my hot water loads only. No sense at all to have to dissolve first, and then add, as some here have recommended. It defeats the whole purpose of having a 'pod.' I still like Tide and am willing to bet they aren't the only company with the pod problem. So, I'm disappointed. It is a good idea, but still needs some work. Changing to warmer water settings is unrealistic for most of my work clothes. I don't pack the washer, but I do fill it, and don't have any problems with other detergent types. I'll use up what I have left in my hot washes and I won't buy these again.", {'entities': [(628, 632, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Tide. I have used other detergents and came back to Tide, because I found in the long run it's a better value. It may cost more, but it works better than other brands and so I find it's worth the extra money spent. However, I have tried the new pods twice now. I don't remember which scent I chose the first time, but the second time I chose the Alpine Breeze. This time I am noticing that my cotton clothes seem to have retained an odd smell. It's hard to describe, but it is definitely NOT pleasant. The best way I can find to describe the odor is that it smells like a homeless person. None of my clothes had this smell before I laundered them and I cannot think of any other reason they might smell this way. I definitely won't be using the Alpine Breeze scent ever again. Most likely, I'll just go back to using the liquid Tide. While I like the convenience of the pods, I just don't find it measures up to the additional cost for me.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a Tide user forever. Anytime I try a brand I am disappointed. I love the idea of the Tide pods for making the laundry one tiny bit easier. I started noticing purple stains on my husbands white t-shirts (just about the only white clothes in my household). I could not figure out what he was doing to get these stains. And then I realized they werent on the shirts BEFORE I washed them and it occurred to me that its from the Pods. I do everything right... Pod in first, not overloading at all, not using delicate, cycle runs a full-length, wash in warm, etc. But still we get stains every time on whatever shirt happened to be sitting on top of the pod. Very disappointing. Fortunately for me these are all undershirts, so not visible. And the stain does eventually wash out on its own. No more pods for me. Im giving the Gain pods a try right now, but Im guessing Tide liquid will be back on my list. These should NOT be used for whites of any kind.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This little pod is a great idea but i do not think for our family it is strong enough. With the Tide powder I can have grass and red clay stain gone with one wash.. this pod does not do the trick. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(96, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am very excited by the convenience of Tide PODS. When will Tide PODS Detergent be available in a FREE Gentle formula Having sensitive skin PODS in GentleFree formula may be my only option. When will a Gentle Fee PODS Detergent be available', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("PLEASE bring back the original scent of the Original Tide. It was one of the main reasons I'd spend so much money on laundry detergent! I loved it so much and miss my clothes smelling so fresh! I don't like the new scent, and don't understand why it was changed. Please change it back!!!!!! Thank you!", {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The overall idea of a pod...one small quick-grab object that you can toss into the wash, no worries of over-pouring or messy spills...Convenient and Economic in one little pod! It was great that the individual film of the pod was made to quickly desolve...I like to visibly see the detergent react in the water. The down-side is that even in cool-kept temperatures, pods outer film will dissolve and what started great are dissolving one by one and the moisture from each, wets the next just enough to leak until they have all congeled together and you end up with a funny shaped bottle of detergent with a bunch of films that you now no longer want to go into your wash knowing they are no longer filled with detergent! Yes, a little disheartening ) However, I'd like to offer potential solutions. I start by saying that the convenience is not in the fact that there is film around each one...the convenience is in the fact that the servings are pre-measured. Fact is that many people do rather daunting work these days. I know Tide understands that, you wash our clothes! But when you get off of work after staring at a screen all day, you just want to relax your eyes, not look for small markings on the inside of a lid, not overpour and make a mess to have to clean! Simple is what you want. Think of an Exacto-Pour used to measure shots...if you were to upgrade your bottle for an easier carry (pod case is nice) and have a spout that would pre-measure each wash at the push of a button...Perfecto! Just a suggestion...Tide is still now and will always be my only brand! Thank you for being durable, reliable, safe and economic!", {'entities': [(1029, 1033, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used Mountain Sping UltraTide. The days of Tide's stain-removal power seem to be long gone. It had no effect whatsoever on stains and the odor is cloying and overpowering. I've used Tide since 1968 but I really feel I must start experimenting and find a detergent that works like the old days.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide, and only Tide for as long as I can remember. Today I brought home the Mountain Spring scent and its HORRIBLE. It made my whole house smell like cheap men's deodorant. What happened to your formula I have no idea if my clothes were clean enough because I had to run out and buy a different scent.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Not happy with this product. I have been using Tide Pods for a few months now. I thought how easy to use and just the right amount to go in each load. Well since I have been using these my washer is getting more clogged. My washer is about 6 months old and should NOT be clogged. As this is the only product I have been using so these little pods are not desolving properly! I am now having to go back to liquid once more... so much for a great idea... ruins the washer in the long run!', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ive been using Tide pods for a few months and have come to love them. However, I just got a brand new high efficiency washer and have found that the pods do not dissolve completely! No matter which water temp setting I use, I wind up with a blue sticky residue on a couple items of clothing in the load. I'm disappointed, as the pods are so easy mess free. Not anymore. Back to liquid I go.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unfortunately, the only constant in the Tide family is Tide Powder. There are so many different formulations of Liquid Tide, it is hit or miss when trying them. Cold Water Tide does not clean any better than the formulations made for hot or cold water. The only certainty with the liquid Tide variations is that the Tide Free Clear does not in fact have any dyes or perfumes. I don't understand why the directions call for a larger measure of some the formulas, such as the Tide with Bleach. Proctor Gamble has even tinkered with the formula to what was in my opinion the best laundry detergent that they ever marketed - Cheer (both liquid powder). Stop trying to impress the consumer and get back to the basics. Make and market an effective and AFFORDABLE brand of laundry detergent. And, please, bring back ALL TEMPA-CHEER !", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing beats Tide detergent. However, I find the good old fashion Tide powder to be the best and have not really noticed any benefit of using the enhanced stain release formula.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy the original fragrance HE Tide. The fragrance was the main reason I liked the product. I just opened a new bottle, and surprise, it smells completely different. I checked the bottle thinking maybe I had mistakenly purchased something other than the original scent, rechecked my old bottle, and both read Original. This new fragrance is awful. My clothes smell like cheap perfume. I will buy one more bottle, hoping that there was a mix-up in some way, but if the second bottle smells the same I will not buy anymore.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always loved the smell of laundry hung outside. My grandmother was a strong Tide user, so I loved the smell Tide from the clothes line. We got ourselves a HE washer 4 years ago, and I went with the HE Powdered detergent. The smell brought back my child hood. When I ran out, I ran to the store to get some, and they were out. I had to go liquid stuff.. I thought, well give it a try. Did my next load, and when that came out of the washer, the scent was STRONG! Ughh.. I could not stand it. Even my partner mention the strong scent! I still got the bottle sitting on my shelf since I refuse to use it on my clothes. Im back to the powdered stuff!", {'entities': [(81, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought the 77 count of Tide Pods. I've only gotten about half way through the container, and many of the pods have leaked, and there's a HUGE clump of pods stuck together. I can't get them apart without breaking them and further gumming up the contents of the container. I have to dig in the container to find pods that are still intact, and it's a mess. I wanted to use them all up, as they were expensive. I don't plan to buy pods again, and I won't recommend them to anyone. We've wasted a lot of money, and we weren't able to wash our clothing properly with Tide Pods. So disappointed.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use a shared laundry and have had trouble getting the pods to dissolve completely had a mess in the machine to clean up when cycle is done back to Tide liquid This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(149, 153, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is a great brand.The pods are nice since you don't have to measure. However, I washed a tablecloth with a gravy stain. I washed it 3 times and the stain did not come out. Therefore I was disappointed because I was looking to eliminate liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a long time user of Tide original and they've recently changed the scent for the worst. Now instead of smelling fresh and clean it smells like a heavy nauseating perfume. Until it gets changed back I will be looking elsewhere.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the first and last time I will use Tide Pods... I had to rewash my clothes because the pod did not dissolve completely and left a mess on my clothes. My time is valuable to me and using this was not a good use of my time. Very disappointed because Tide is the only thing I've ever used. Going back to my liquid Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought the change of scent for the Original was me but apparently not. It's too strong, too perfumed and not enjoyable to wear clothing. I choose the Original because I do not like the other scents. Disappointing as I have used Tide for years and been very happy with laundry results. Just bought a new bottle and will have to suffer through it or give it away and shop for new brand. Rated it lower due to scent change.", {'entities': [(231, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like Tide pods, but like others here I was everything in cold water. I have 'blue gunk' appearing on my clothes and its very difficult to remove. If you don't notice it before drying the clothes, then (for example) socks will glue together and have to be thrown away. I really want this problem solved because I want to continue to use the product. The concept is great, and very easy to use.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was told by my step-mom to give tide pods a try. She uses them at their house, and says that they keep my brothers(who is disabled)clothes looking new even after accidents. We however, had not had such luck. I have had three experiences where the pod did not dissolve and left huge blue stains on our clothing. I prefer Tide over any other brand but I am disappointed by these Pods.', {'entities': [(322, 326, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Tide user longer than I can remember. But I won't buy the pods any more. They don't dissolve in my front loader machine and leave a gunky mess. I still love Tide but am going back to Tide liquid which worked much better.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really wanted to like these pods. They are super convenient (especially since I live in a high rise and the laundry room is on a different floor), are very economical, and smell great. Unfortunately, in every load of laundry in which I have used the pods, I have had a piece of clothing ruined because the outer plastic failed to dissolve completely. For instance, in one load the outer covering ended up in a sleeve, effectively fusing the sleeve closed. I wash my laundry warm and hot, so there shouldn't be problems--Tide advertises that the pods can be used in both hot and cold water. The product seems to be faulty in this regard. Until I use up my supply, I will be cutting the pods open and throwing the covering away. I will not buy the pods ever again.", {'entities': [(522, 526, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ive use other brand pods and they work great in my HE front loading washer. I saw Tide had some and was psyched because Tide smells and cleans great. However, for about a week every load at least one garment had something purple and gel like on it. Unfortunately I would catch it after they came out of the dryer and it was hard as a rock and wouldn't come off. I blamed my son for leaving candy and gum in his pockets. Then I realized what it was (my new TIDE pods). I thought I must be doing too big of loads so I tried them in smaller loads of maybe a pair of jeans with four shirts. The same thing happened. My guess is that these would work great in a regular washer but not in the HE, as they use so little water....the pods cannot fully dissolve. I will have to go back to using a different product. Bummer!", {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Even though some may feel Tide Pods is a revolutionary new laundry detergent, it really isn't. To be sure, the Pod concept and design is new in and of itself, but a laundry detergent in a compact, self contained form is not. Back in the 1960's, there were detergent tablets, such as Salvo and Action bleach. They didn't stay on the market very long, or that is what I remember. Even 10 years ago, PG introduced, then quickly pulled Tide Rapid Action Tablets. So even though the cleaning ability of Pods is consistent with most other PG detergents (which is my universal choice) I can not say with certainty that this is a fantastic, revolutionary product that has exceptional cleaning prowess. What I can say is that Tide Pods is a fad, and will not have staying power. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the tide pods and liked the idea. Easy but the problem encountered as the outer casing of the pod did not fully dissolve and I did not notice it right away till I had hard crust on blanket after drying. I find it best to break outer sack and throw away I will go back to good old Tide', {'entities': [(289, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Expensive, purchased hoping to save money as I tend to use too much liquid detergent...which this was a success. However they DO NOT dissolve properly and leave blue stains on clothing. Very disappointed with product, especially with the price you pay. Tide is usually better quality than this.', {'entities': [(253, 257, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide detergent for years and love it. Tide removes stains better than any other detergent on the market. However, I bought Tide Pods expecting the same results I get with regular detergent and was very disappointed. The Tide pods did not dissolve completely ruining my husband's favorite shirt. I have had to wash the same loads over and over again to get the detergent out from the pods not dissolving correctly. I would stick with Tide's regular detergent.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I agree with a lot of the reviews that say Tide has lost it's cleaning power. I have even added the stain release tablets and the clothes don't come clean. My husband eats chocolate ice cream and occassionally drops some on his shirt. The Tide does not clean the spots. I also want to note that I bought the Total Tide and the bottle fell into my washer(about a foot) and the seam around the label split leaking all out. I have been trying other detergents lately when previously I only bought Tide.", {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide in the past and I really like the results. I was, however, disappointed when I washed a small load of whites in hot water with the pods. The water wasn't very sudsy and the clothes came out dingy. I used the same amount of bleach as I usually do but they weren't clean. I washed them again with regular Tide and they came out cleaner. I would have liked this to be a way to keep from lugging around a big bottle of detergent. I guess I'm stuck with it for now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('have always loved Tide and used it for many years.i keep trying to go back to it but no matter which scent i try, my clothes smell sour!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In my opinion, the Tide Pods I received a sample of were too heavily perfumed. They did not leave my clothes with a clean, fresh scent I do not like strong perfumes. I will never buy or use these, unless they make a 'perfume free' version. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Liquid smells great when your clothes come out, but not the pods! They smell really gross....I wish the fragrance was good because the cleaning quality is really good...i have a stackable top loader in my apartment and have not had the gooey mess problem at all...please improve the fragrance....yuck!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and I was using the Tide Stain release which was the best product out there.I tried pods and I find that 1 pod never works a well as 2. If I have to use 2 each load then I can only do 32 loads which makes this too expensive to use, Also I dont need the brightener and stain remover with every load. Bring back stain release!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes were very staticky after coming out of the dryer. The smell is okay, but I always buy Tide with the pink Downy scent. My clothes felt clean, but as not soft. They are also too expensive.', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years, once it became Tide 2x, I could no longer use it due to ichy skin. I feel we as consumers should have a choice between the regular Tide or the new Tide 2x. I would like to have that choice. I have stayed with Tide and went back to the powder but I can't get the fresh scent that I'm use to and love. Please think of all your customers and lets get back to the original Tide I know we all love and want..", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide Pods and loved them. As I pulled my sons new dres clothes out of the dryer, some items looked like I had splattered them with a drop of two of Bleach. His dress shorts and a sentimental shirt are ruined. It is sad because I loved this product and now can't use it. I have a bunch left too!", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('have always loved Tide and used it for many years.i keep trying to go back to it but no matter which scent i try, my clothes smell sour!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While the PODS are handy and quick the smell is horrible! I actually rewashed my clothes with the extra off brand detergent I had at home. I am really disappointed in these. I love Tide and assumed the least of my problems would be the smell.', {'entities': [(181, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The drain pump on my Samsung HE front loader had to be replaced most likely due to the pods. Found a bunch of plastic pod casings when the machine was drained. The repair person said that the Tide Pods don't work well on all front loaders, especially if you do most loads in cold water.", {'entities': [(192, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a Tide user for years, and was absolutely thrilled when this came out, as I use Tide boost as well. However, this did not meet my expectations at all. It seemed to not get out the stains I missed and the clothes seemed not as clean :( This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tryed the pack in my worse grungy closes.I was not impressed.It did smell nice but that is all.I will continue to use the liqud Tide just not the pack.It may work for others just not in my house hold. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a faithful user of Tide for over 30 years, and my mother before me. Recently I have had to change my work uniforms to white scrub pants. Tide is not getting the bottoms of them clean. Since all I have ever used is Tide, I am not sure what to use now to get my white scrub pants clean. Disappointed in IL', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Never dissolve in our HE front loader, plastic mush seen spots on clothes, fans of Tide but they don't work unless we use hot water, long wash. Can't smell scent either.", {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years, once it became Tide 2x, I could no longer use it due to ichy skin. I feel we as consumers should have a choice between the regular Tide or the new Tide 2x. I would like to have that choice. I have stayed with Tide and went back to the powder but I can't get the fresh scent that I'm use to and love. Please think of all your customers and lets get back to the original Tide I know we all love and want..", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been an exclusive user of Tide for 15 years because it was the only detergent that suds up with the recommended amount. When the Acti-Lift came out i started using that as well because i have three kids and need ALL the help i can get!! With the last bottle of Tide Acti-Lift that i bought, i found myself Adding More Tide, which i have Never had to do. I don't know if the economy is hitting Tide and its adding more water but i was Very sad to see my old reliable become not so reliable!!", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently wrote a review about the change in the scent of Tide liquid HE with bleach. You kindly replied that I should try the free and clear tide. I wanted to let you know that my mother who lives in another state just told me she used a new bottle of Tide HE with Acti Lift and she disliked the smell so much that she actually threw out the clothes she washed! There definitely is a change in the scent of Tide with Acti Lift. It is very strong and bitter. I have changed to using Tide powder and love the fresh delicate scent of the original formula. Please do not put Acti Lift in the powder. I do not want that scent to change as well or I will have to switch to another brand all together. I see that other reviewers have noticed the change in the scent as well. Even though you may not have changed the formula of the scent, adding the Acti Lift has an effect on it. I know the Acti Lift is meant to get out dried stains but I can use a pretreater for that. I would rather have nice smelling laundry and take the extra step to use a pretreater if necessary. Again, please leave the Tide powder just the way it is. I love the way it smells and how well it cleans my laundry. Thank you for letting the consumers voice their opinion on your products.', {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ariel actilift is better than Tide actilift but the tide stinks', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Nothing beats Tide detergent. However, I find the good old fashion Tide powder to be the best and have not really noticed any benefit of using the enhanced stain release formula.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used Mountain Sping UltraTide. The days of Tide's stain-removal power seem to be long gone. It had no effect whatsoever on stains and the odor is cloying and overpowering. I've used Tide since 1968 but I really feel I must start experimenting and find a detergent that works like the old days.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Unfortunately, the only constant in the Tide family is Tide Powder. There are so many different formulations of Liquid Tide, it is hit or miss when trying them. Cold Water Tide does not clean any better than the formulations made for hot or cold water. The only certainty with the liquid Tide variations is that the Tide Free Clear does not in fact have any dyes or perfumes. I don't understand why the directions call for a larger measure of some the formulas, such as the Tide with Bleach. Proctor Gamble has even tinkered with the formula to what was in my opinion the best laundry detergent that they ever marketed - Cheer (both liquid powder). Stop trying to impress the consumer and get back to the basics. Make and market an effective and AFFORDABLE brand of laundry detergent. And, please, bring back ALL TEMPA-CHEER !", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In my opinion, the Tide Pods I received a sample of were too heavily perfumed. They did not leave my clothes with a clean, fresh scent I do not like strong perfumes. I will never buy or use these, unless they make a 'perfume free' version.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought the change of scent for the Original was me but apparently not. It's too strong, too perfumed and not enjoyable to wear clothing. I choose the Original because I do not like the other scents. Disappointing as I have used Tide for years and been very happy with laundry results. Just bought a new bottle and will have to suffer through it or give it away and shop for new brand. Rated it lower due to scent change.", {'entities': [(231, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("PLEASE bring back the original scent of the Original Tide. It was one of the main reasons I'd spend so much money on laundry detergent! I loved it so much and miss my clothes smelling so fresh! I don't like the new scent, and don't understand why it was changed. Please change it back!!!!!! Thank you!", {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy the original fragrance HE Tide. The fragrance was the main reason I liked the product. I just opened a new bottle, and surprise, it smells completely different. I checked the bottle thinking maybe I had mistakenly purchased something other than the original scent, rechecked my old bottle, and both read Original. This new fragrance is awful. My clothes smell like cheap perfume. I will buy one more bottle, hoping that there was a mix-up in some way, but if the second bottle smells the same I will not buy anymore.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide, and only Tide for as long as I can remember. Today I brought home the Mountain Spring scent and its HORRIBLE. It made my whole house smell like cheap men's deodorant. What happened to your formula I have no idea if my clothes were clean enough because I had to run out and buy a different scent.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The capsule does not dissolve. It ends up stuck to your clothes in a melted mess and sometimes stains the fabric. Great idea but needs further development to be as reliable as regular Tide products.', {'entities': [(184, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pod I received performed no better than my regular detergent. I will not buy it because it's much more expensive and didn't do anything special. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have front load HE machines did exactly as directions described putting the pod in with the clothes as opposed to putting it in the soap holder/dispenser. The clothes looked dingy and were not soft at all. They had the feel of still being dirty to the texture of the clothing.I had to rewash them using my usual liquid Tide. I love Tide always use Tide as my mother and her mother before her. I was excited to get and try this new way of soap for cleaning my clothes I do not want to buy this I would like to recieve 2 pods to try at once as maybe only one was not enough. Can you send me two pods If not thats ok I will continue to use the liquid or powder Tide as I have before. Thank you Cindy C. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently wrote a review about the change in the scent of Tide liquid HE with bleach. You kindly replied that I should try the free and clear tide. I wanted to let you know that my mother who lives in another state just told me she used a new bottle of Tide HE with Acti Lift and she disliked the smell so much that she actually threw out the clothes she washed! There definitely is a change in the scent of Tide with Acti Lift. It is very strong and bitter. I have changed to using Tide powder and love the fresh delicate scent of the original formula. Please do not put Acti Lift in the powder. I do not want that scent to change as well or I will have to switch to another brand all together. I see that other reviewers have noticed the change in the scent as well. Even though you may not have changed the formula of the scent, adding the Acti Lift has an effect on it. I know the Acti Lift is meant to get out dried stains but I can use a pretreater for that. I would rather have nice smelling laundry and take the extra step to use a pretreater if necessary. Again, please leave the Tide powder just the way it is. I love the way it smells and how well it cleans my laundry. Thank you for letting the consumers voice their opinion on your products.', {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very intrigued when Tide came out with there detergent in these pod cases. The problem that I have had is that I have a couple of loads of clothes where I have found the packing attached to an article of clothing. I found a good shirt with the sleeve and the front stuck together with a block the size of the pod container. I had to pull the stuck pieces apart and then scrub off the remainder of the packaging and soak the rest off. It would not come off with repeat washings. I found the same thing with some sheets and on a pair of jeans. All in all this was with five different loads of clothing. I really like the product for its cleaning ability but the packaging really needs some work before I buy this again.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have refused to buy Tide Pods again as I have had two instances where they have not dissolved all the way and left a purple stain and plastic stuck to two different shirts (one was white!). I have been able to get it dissolved out of the second shirt after being able to figure out what it was but I am not sure I'll be able to get it out of the first shirt since it has been a little while. I will be trying as soon as I'm done leaving this review. I was looking for an easier way to do laundry without having to lift the heavy bottles of liquid, and while this is only twice in 6-7 months of using them, it is not easier when having to re-rinse clothing to get the melted Pod to completely dissolve.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been an exclusive user of Tide for 15 years because it was the only detergent that suds up with the recommended amount. When the Acti-Lift came out i started using that as well because i have three kids and need ALL the help i can get!! With the last bottle of Tide Acti-Lift that i bought, i found myself Adding More Tide, which i have Never had to do. I don't know if the economy is hitting Tide and its adding more water but i was Very sad to see my old reliable become not so reliable!!", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was really excited to try the Tide pods. I thought it would be an easy way to just throw it in the washer and press start.We did just that and when it finished, there was gooey blue and white stuff from the pods in the rubber section of the front load washing machine. The rubber part is the seal between the door and the washing tub. I was so disappointed. I really wanted it to work. I ended up having to rewash the clothes because it looked like most of the pod just got stuck. So sad :( Good try Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very happy with the Tide Pods up until recently when I started noticing blue stains. I ruined several blouses because of this! I wash everything on the cold cycle and the package claims that they can be used in cold and warm cycles. Clearly this is not the case. The responses on here from Tide also suggest that if you 'use as directed' there shouldn't be any staining. There are not such instructions on the tub. Even if I wanted to 'use as directed' I don't know what that is. Apparently I need to use a warmer cycle to fully dissolve the pack. Would have been nice to know ahead of time.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a HE top-load washing machine. I purchased one of the 55 Tide Pods packages. The cleanliness of the clothes wasn't a problem I had - they were clean. The problem occurred after drying the clothes. As I folded the laundry, I found several pieces of clothing that had plastic melted to the articles of clothing. After further investigation and thought, I realized that the Pods weren't fully dissolving. I assume this happened because of inadequate amount of water due to the machine being HE. I no longer use the Pods, and won't recommend them to my friends.", {'entities': [(64, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think I just ruin brand new sheets. I washed it with a Tide Pod and when it came out of the dryer it had a bunch of hard spots on it. After reading the other reviews it must be the pod that did not fully dissolve. I have a front load washer and have found undissolved pieces in the machine before, but it never did that to my clothing. Guess I will get rid of these pods and switch to a different brand. Love the concept hate the results!', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide but I've had clothes ruined from the pod not completely dissolving. I have a Kenmore HE front loader and thought these would be great because of the convenience of not having to measure the liquid. I think Tide needs to do a little more research as to how to make these perform like they claim that they do.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a treat to myself I will sometimes purchase the liquid Tide or sometimes I will ask for it as a Christmas gift however, I thought the Tide Pods didn't smell as good after drying as the liquid Tide. I would put Tide Pods equal to my satisfaction with the cheap detergent except the Tide Pods are much more expensive. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("One pod didn't work to well with an average load, I was disappointed, being that I am disabled I thought this would be a wonderful way to help with a difficult task. Even two didn't do to well with a large load, three did help. However they didn't totally dissolve. Back to Tide but no pods. I thought I could save some money and make the task of doing my laundry a bit less of a challenge. Sad it did not work out that way.", {'entities': [(274, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ariel actilift is better than Tide actilift but the tide stinks', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used Tide Pods as a sophomore in college and I also used them as a freshman. Last year, they did alright, but occasionally left a gooey/sticky mess on my clothes from the plastic pod. This year, they've dyed blue splotches in many of my favorite clothes (luckily it washed out with warm water and stain remover). As I write this, at least five of my clothes are being re-washed for the third time this semester. I'm switching ASAP to a different brand.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using Tide Pods about 3 months ago and never had a problem with the product. I recently purchased another package of 66 count Pods and when I open the package some of the pods had bust and the other we're all stuck together making it next to impossible to use product. I am very upset and had to go buy more detergent.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The capsule does not dissolve. It ends up stuck to your clothes in a melted mess and sometimes stains the fabric. Great idea but needs further development to be as reliable as regular Tide products.', {'entities': [(184, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using Tide Pods about 3 months ago and never had a problem with the product. I recently purchased another package of 66 count Pods and when I open the package some of the pods had bust and the other we're all stuck together making it next to impossible to use product. I am very upset and had to go buy more detergent.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I didn't notice any more stains coming out than normal. It smells good and cleans the clothes well like Tide always does. It isn't any worse than other formulas of Tide. Just nothing super special to me. I also tried the tabs you can put in your laundry to boost and they didn't work either. Tide still smells the best though :)", {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Tide in the largest size and more than once the caps leak all over my dryer, floor, the bottle, if I don't put it upright after I draw some liquid. I think the caps are poorly designed. And, yes, I loosen the cap before drawing the soap and tighten afterward. It still leaks.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You changed the Original scent, and it's horrible, just like everyone here has pointed out. Then you told us to buy the updated Mountain Spring scent, which does smell like the original Original. And now that's gone. What's up PG I'm not sure who you're testing your scents with, but perhaps its time to start sampling the general public. Most of your scents are terrible. If it weren't for the fact that Tide performs better than most other detergents on the market, I'd be dumping you altogether. I've switched to Free Gentle honestly, though, I like a little bit of fresh (not nauseating) scent when I do laundry, and it's disappointing you keep missing the mark there.", {'entities': [(405, 409, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Tide brand loyalist for years and even got my mom to switch to it after using a bargain brand for 20 years. I've noticed in the last two bottles I've bought that the product is no longer removing stains and getting my clothes as clean--in fact the fabrics seem a bit stripped. I thought maybe I was using the concentrated product wrong, but I'm not. I'm very dissapointed and with the economy I'm not sure I can justify an expensive product that no longer does the job. Perhaps you should return to the original formula...", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always thought Tide was the best clothes cleaner and when I recently received my new HE washer, I was very disappointed at the HE Tide packaging. It is difficult to distinquish between old washer and HE detergents.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited to get to try these new Pods because I love the fresh scent of Tide, and how it lasts on clothes even after the dryer. Well, now my bubble has been busted, my clothes didn't smell like anything. What a downer. While the product did produce clean clothes, I would not spend the extra money to switch to these. I'll keep my regular Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like these new Tide Pods but I can't stand the smells. I'm really hoping they decide to make them unscented or original scent. The odor is overpowering to me. But they work great!", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide Pods for the first time today, I have to admit the clothes came out clean, fresh, and soft, but there were remnants of the plastic still in my colored clothes. I thought this was suppose to dissolve', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love tide and thought these new pods would work great. Fortunately I didn't have a problem with them staining my clothes (not that I've noticed anyway). I did however have to pop the pods to get them to open up. They cleaned my clothes but they didn't leave the fresh Tide smell that I look forward to when doing laundry. I think I will stick with Tide liquid detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(270, 274, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like our new front loader and the Tide HE products with one exception. After a good gym workout, tee shirts don't seem to get clean enough. As a result, they develop a sour smell that appears when the shirts get damp either from rain or perspiration. Tide with bleach did a great job when we had a top loader. I hope that a bleach or bleach alternative product is in the works for front loaders.", {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the new Tide pod yesterday in one load of laundry. The only complaint I have is that it didn't seem to completely dissolve from the laundry compartment. I only use Tide detergent but I will probably continue using the traditional HE liquid detergent. I am also perplexed that the Tide pods are good for both HE and non-HE washing machines. Why is there such an emphasis on using only HE detergent in an HE machine yet the pods works the same in both machines That doesn't make any sense to me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't seen a specific improvement to my daughter's clothes. She is a toddler and I never see all of the stains to pretreat them. After washing a couple of loads in the acti-lift by Tide I have decided that overall they are clean, they of course smell good, but there is no noticeable improvement on stain removal. Looks like as always I am going to rely on oxy to pretreat! Keep trying Tide, at least you get clothes cleaner then most brands!", {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Got a sample and I didn't see much difference between the pods and the liquid Tide. Since I only had 2 pods, that wasn't much reference to base a review on. So, I decided to pick up the pods at the store last week. I've used 3/4 of the 31 pack, and I have noticed a decrease and a complete lack of suds in certain loads. I do not OVERLOAD the washer I do 3/4 loads so everything has room to move. I have to use 2 pods per cycle and send the wash through another rinse cycle. And, there is absolutely no hint of fragrance. Not that I mind there was no scent (as I cannot use perfumed detergents without a reaction), but I did get Ocean Mist and expected at least a hint of fragrance. After washing the clothes, and before I sent them around to rinse again, there was NO scent at all. However, it does appear to do better on stains and does brighten the clothes, which is a positive. I haven't had the booger mess, or pod dissolving issues, so I consider myself lucky. One thing I would like to point out is the lack of a free and clear version. While this did not cause any additional irritation (no more than if I used regular Tide detergent), I would have liked to had the option of a fragrance/perfume free pod. I will continue to buy Tide products, but I will be switching back to the Free and Clear liquid detergent. I would recommend this to friends as it does help with stains and boosts the color, but would also point out the disadvantages as well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are not dissolving in my new front loading washer! Change the formula please!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why is Tide pods making my white t-shirts purple, also my husbands undershirts under the arms', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was really excited to try the new Pods product and was disappointed with the scent. I love the idea of the Pods and the convenience they offer but I will stick to Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(165, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('1 dose of Tide HE Turbo Clean in quick cycle vs. 6 doses of the next leading liquid HE compatible detergent in normal cycle.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I need my thing be done correct and easy as pie. I don't like to bother with the small stuff but my cloth are important to me. Look correct and smell good is need. Tide they know me. They know what I want and what I need. Got dang it this is good and don't think go. Now!!", {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've swtiched from using Tide twice in my life and have always returned. I don't think that a good product should be changed time and again by adding this and that or trying to keep up with what other companies are doing to their products such as adding different fragrances, acti-lift, etc.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I agree with EconomyBuyer here in Memphis, TN. Tide needs to come out with a variety scents. The original is not a strong fresh smell like I would want. However, I do trust that Tide cleans well.', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love powdered Tide and loved the hard Tide cube that used to be available maybe 6 () years ago so when I got the new pod in the mail I was eager to try it. I have to say I like it not love it. It reminds me of the pods I use for my dishwasher but when I threw it into my washer I was worried it wouldn't dissolve because it didn't at first. Finally, tired of waiting I threw in my clothes. They came out clean and smelled great and to my relief there was no sticky pod stuck to my clothes! It is easy to use but I still love my powder and would love to see the hard cube brought back. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Tide brand loyalist for years and even got my mom to switch to it after using a bargain brand for 20 years. I've noticed in the last two bottles I've bought that the product is no longer removing stains and getting my clothes as clean--in fact the fabrics seem a bit stripped. I thought maybe I was using the concentrated product wrong, but I'm not. I'm very dissapointed and with the economy I'm not sure I can justify an expensive product that no longer does the job. Perhaps you should return to the original formula...", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide anything. It is the best detergent around. If they leave out the water why does it cost so much If the cost was comparable to their bottled detergent I would definitely switch.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like the convenience of Tide Pods, you cannot get around it. They are small, efficient, and great for people who live in apartment buildings where you have to transport your laundry to the laundry room. However, I am frustrated that no where on the instructions does it say to put the Pod in prior to loading the washing machine it just says pop it in. I have had a number of issues with it not fully dissolving since I've placed the Pod in after loading. Now that I've done what seems like too much research, I have found it's recommended to put it in prior to loading. This is obviously an easy solution, but frustrating that it is not spelled out on the container. As this is a new product on the market, Tide cannot assume everyone would know how to use them.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE works great. I have no issues with performance. My problem is that all the way to work this morning, I was assaulted by the strong scent of Tide HE. Why do you have to make it so fragrant Fresh is fine but I do not want Tide to be my cologne!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the 72 count Tide Pods and for the first 3/4 of the container was very pleased. I have bought the All brand and quit because the pods busted and created a huge mess. My purpose in purchasing these is to keep my laundry room neater, my children do the laundry and can be careless with powder or liquids and it has been a constant battle. I was really disappointed that as we reached the end of the container some of the pods were busted and it makes such a sticky mess and there are pods that stick together which causes more of a mess.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm glad Tide looks to do better things for the consumer, but when they make Tide and then sell additives to make it better I question that. Why not just make the Tide as good as it would be with the additives Buy one product not two. It seems if they thought this new Acti Lift was so good, it would replace the not-so-good regular Tide they plan to improve on. They'll learn one day that having too many options on the store counters will run consumers to a product with less options.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Used the tide pod and it worked just fine. Can't say it's any better then the Tide from the bottle. It saves the step of measuring it out. Honestly I think all and all it's the same fluid in a new package. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wasn't really impressed with the product. I didn't find that it got my clothing any cleaner than the less expensive detergent that I buy. I used to buy Tide but then I realized that I was really paying for the name and not necessarily for a better product. I may consider using Tide again in the future when I actually have the money to spend on it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(154, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I didn't notice any more stains coming out than normal. It smells good and cleans the clothes well like Tide always does. It isn't any worse than other formulas of Tide. Just nothing super special to me. I also tried the tabs you can put in your laundry to boost and they didn't work either. Tide still smells the best though :)", {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As all others who have used this product almost all their lives I have been a staunch Tide user. However since Tide has come out with so many other products my feeling is that they have removed the cleaning power of their original formula thus forcing the customer to buy all the additives. I am disappointed with this strategy and when I finish the Tide I have on hand I will either try the new Acti-Lift , smallest size, before I switch to another brand.', {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a long time user and advocate of liquid Tide and believe it cleans the best. I have a front loader HE machine which is efficient and received my sample and was excited to give the pod a try. Oh my gosh, as we speak I am doing a white load in hot water/steam. My entire drum is a mass of suds, you can not see any clothes for all the suds. My machine is warning me to use HE detergent and attempting to remove the suds. I have never had this happen w/ the liquid, I followed instructions, threw the pod in and then the clothes then started my machine. I have no doubt the clothes will be clean however. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pod was no better or worse than what I use now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried other so-called economical brands but they don't leave clothes as fresh and clean as Tide.", {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked the ease of using the pod, but I won't use it again unless the pods come unscented. I buy unscented liquid Tide and would like the Pods to come unscented too.", {'entities': [(115, 119, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As far as cleaning goes, this is easy and complete. Will Tide come out with an unscented option I find the residual scent too strong, not to mention the smell while the laundry is cleaning.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i liked getting this product but I use Tide to pour on stains in my laundry so I would have to buy both types and that would be very expensive', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("PG you've done it again. First you changed the original scent of Downy a few years back and now you've changed the original scent of Tide. Why change a good thing Why not just come out with a new scent instead of changing a classic Since y'all probably won't change the scent back like Downy hasn't switched back even after losing many long time customers, I have an idea. Why not come out with a Tide and Downy classic scent For those of us who never thought the scents needed to be changed in the first place. I'll still buy other Tide scents and other PG detergents, ONLY because all other detergent brands smell like glass cleaner to me. But I'm not happy about the scent change and I think it says a lot about what Tide and PG think of their customer's full satisfaction.", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide pods so easy to use and no measuring. Wish I could get a few more to try on different wash loads. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Works as well as regular tide without the mess. Only downfall is having to use two pods for large loads (all of my laundry loads). This makes it more expensive than the Tide liquid.', {'entities': [(169, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide because it cleans goods and leaves a nice scent on my laundry. I started using the Pods and noticed some bleach looking streaks on some of the darker clothes. I realized that it was the pods not melting enough. I put the pod on the bottom and the laundry on top, which ever item of clothing that land on top of the pod seems to get the damage.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("One, I LOVE LOVE LOVE TIDE and am such an avid consumer of it, it's like a mom to JIF or something. However, it IRKS me that their is no scent that comes in MOUNTAIN SPRING. WHY!! Additionally, I had received samples of a different brand of the same type of thing with shockingly better results. Not better enough for me to switch from Liquid Tide, but still... I was annoyed/ am annoyed... :/ This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(343, 347, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would like to know how you can change the scent of your original detergent, your flagship scent and still call it original scent without any type of label change to the bottle. The new scent in the Tide original bottle is absolutely horrid. You had a great thing going with the original scent why mess with it Seriously debating switching from Tide. You need to get that new stuff off store shelves and bring back the original scent, in order to keep customers.', {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide because it cleans well with little residue but it is expensive compared to other brands. So when I need stain lifting I always buy the powder. Making that paste works and their color safe Tide is great. However, with Acti-Lift I did not see the results I hoped for and agree with the other customers Cheer is lighter cleaner and less expensive. I do not need all the dyes and colors in my laundry when trying to remove stains. Less is more!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would love to have the option to buy smaller pods. We have a front loader washer and a water softener that require very little water and detergent for a wash cycle. With the Tide HE liquid detergent I currently use, I am at least able to control the amount of liquid detergent needed but it is a little messier. If the pods were offered in a smaller size, I would use the pods exclusively. I would have given this product 5 stars instead of 3 if the pods came in a smaller size.', {'entities': [(176, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Pods are a quick and easy way to do your laundry. You just toss one in, put in the Downy in either the Downy Ball or a Softener Dispenser, and walk away. The Package says it contains Stain removers and brighteners. I have to say that it may contain these, but I'm not seeing the brightness or the stain removers at work in my finished laundry. You would have to boost it more with the Stain Boosters or the pre-treat, and as for the brightener, I'm not sure what to use for that outside of the usual suspects of either baking soda, hydrogen peroxide, or vinegar. (Not all together though. That's asking for trouble.) In other scents, and adding the Downy or even maybe adding in some Febreeze to the Pod, this looks to be a great product, though. For my own wash needs, it doesn't completely do everything that I need it to do like the other liquid forms of Tide would do, like odor removal for my sweats, and bleach alternative for my colors, but it is a nice form for a quick, I need it in like three hours and don't want to be fumbling with a cap to measure out the soap. Also, it would be a good, quick travel laundry soap, should you have to wash some clothing because you simply need that outfit that you wore a couple of days ago because you're going somewhere nice and forgot to pack another nice outfit. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(858, 862, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was given this as a free sample to test. However, my washing machine does not have a quick cycle. It is about 5 years old (Samsung HE front load). I used this detergent as a substitute for my ordinary detergent. I feel as though it performed as well, but I still prefer the scent of the Tide with Downy Sweet Dreams detergent over this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(289, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm single and retired. Since I usually wash small loads, I don't see the point of a one size fits all tablet. Why would I use as much detergent for a full load as I would for a few tee shirts At least with regular Tide I can use an amount that is appropriate for each load.", {'entities': [(215, 219, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a front load washer and use as directed but they have gotten stuck on the rubber gasket on the door which is.a gooey mess. I like them when they work but this has happened to me four times and they also left a big blue stain on a white dish towel. Tide needs to Work on this issue.', {'entities': [(255, 259, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Toss and go is a great idea but I have found that a few loads have ended up having to be re-washed! The wrapper is not dissolving completely and I have found tiny pieces stuck to garments. My solution is to pre-dissolve in a measuring cup of boiling water but even then I find snotty threads of un-dissolved material. I do love the way Tide Pods clean though!', {'entities': [(336, 340, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide. I have always been a tide user.The problem I am having with the pods is that they don't dissolve like they should. They clogged the motor on my new machine after 4 months. I had to call a repair man out to find out why my machine was acting the way it was. He pulled out so many of the pods wrapping. was told to sitck with the liquids detergent .", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The first thing that I was struck by when I took the pod out of the package was the smell. The smell with this product was very strong. I wouldn't buy it unless Tide offered a scent-free version. The pod was also sticky, and left the scent all over my hands. I was expecting something akin to a dishwasher pod, but this is far less durable. I wouldn't toss this into a laundry basket. The pods do work well, though. The packet completely dissolved, and cleaned a pretty large load of clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(161, 165, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just tried washing a few loads of clothes with the new Tide Pods. The pods did dissolve quickly but I do not have ANY suds in my wash. The Ocean Mist scent is not that appealing. I am really not sure if I will buy again. If they come out with a Tide original scent pod then maybe I may consider buying again. I think that I will just stick with the old liquid version for now.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pod didn't dissolve totally. Got stuck on clothing and needed to wash several times to get off clothes (color and plastic)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod did a good job, definitely an easy way to get all of the benefits without having to spend alot of time pretreating and with a 2 year old in the house there is usually some stains. If it is affordable I would consider purchasing the Tide pods in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a life long user of Tide products. Currently, I am very disapointed with the new shape of the 110 load 2X ultra Tide for front loaders with 170 fl oz, 1.32 gal. container. After pouring into my Bosh detergent dispenser drayer, I have to find some thing to wipe out the cap and to wipe the storage area on the container. Love the original scent, storage is ok, and hate the container and measuring cup.', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the idea of the pods, so was excited to try it. I was so glad to see that PG was offering samples. Pros: Easy to store No measuring Not messy One step Cons: Very strong smelling out of the washer (Spring Meadow) and the smell really STAYS with the clothes Did not get items clean that regular Tide (liquid, HE, cold water) would. I had to rewash several of my son's shirts that had playground grit. No info about the size of the load that the pod works for. Admittedly, my load was large, but I do have a large capacity washer, and use it! I'll stick with the liquid unless I can get a killer deal on the Pods, AND instructions are clearer for load size. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(300, 304, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Easy to use, same wash as regular tide, but not worth the extra cost. I can spare the 5 seconds to pour Tide from the bottle or scoop out of the box. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I didn't really notice a difference one way or another. The stain came out most of the way and had to use something else to get it out. The smell is a bit strong, and with a husband who has asthma, I have to be careful around him with strong smells. I prefer the plain old Tide powder or liquid - we're not really into any of the 'designer smells' that Tide (or others) produce. Looks like it's just plain old Tide for us from now on.", {'entities': [(273, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Tide Pods for about 6 loads of laundry this week, and thought they worked great! However, I noticed yesterday that my black dress pants have some sort of white residue on them. I didn't think anything of it until I put on a black top today, and noticed the same thing. I haven't noticed any other loads with this, just the dark one. Has this happened to anyone else, or was it a fluke", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The cleaning ability of the Tide Pod is fair. The softener worked better than most liquid fabric softeners. The stain remover was a disaster. I had 3 stained garments I used as a test. A shirt with a mustard stain another with a chocolate stain and another with a dark dirt stain. None of the stains were removed by the stain remover, even though the chocolate and mustard had been pre-treated. So the stain remover needs more power. I rated the stain remover as 1 Star. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like our new front loader and the Tide HE products with one exception. After a good gym workout, tee shirts don't seem to get clean enough. As a result, they develop a sour smell that appears when the shirts get damp either from rain or perspiration. Tide with bleach did a great job when we had a top loader. I hope that a bleach or bleach alternative product is in the works for front loaders.", {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE works great. I have no issues with performance. My problem is that all the way to work this morning, I was assaulted by the strong scent of Tide HE. Why do you have to make it so fragrant Fresh is fine but I do not want Tide to be my cologne!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a life long user of Tide products. Currently, I am very disapointed with the new shape of the 110 load 2X ultra Tide for front loaders with 170 fl oz, 1.32 gal. container. After pouring into my Bosh detergent dispenser drayer, I have to find some thing to wipe out the cap and to wipe the storage area on the container. Love the original scent, storage is ok, and hate the container and measuring cup.', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I agree with EconomyBuyer here in Memphis, TN. Tide needs to come out with a variety scents. The original is not a strong fresh smell like I would want. However, I do trust that Tide cleans well.', {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't seen a specific improvement to my daughter's clothes. She is a toddler and I never see all of the stains to pretreat them. After washing a couple of loads in the acti-lift by Tide I have decided that overall they are clean, they of course smell good, but there is no noticeable improvement on stain removal. Looks like as always I am going to rely on oxy to pretreat! Keep trying Tide, at least you get clothes cleaner then most brands!", {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always thought Tide was the best clothes cleaner and when I recently received my new HE washer, I was very disappointed at the HE Tide packaging. It is difficult to distinquish between old washer and HE detergents.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm glad Tide looks to do better things for the consumer, but when they make Tide and then sell additives to make it better I question that. Why not just make the Tide as good as it would be with the additives Buy one product not two. It seems if they thought this new Acti Lift was so good, it would replace the not-so-good regular Tide they plan to improve on. They'll learn one day that having too many options on the store counters will run consumers to a product with less options.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've swtiched from using Tide twice in my life and have always returned. I don't think that a good product should be changed time and again by adding this and that or trying to keep up with what other companies are doing to their products such as adding different fragrances, acti-lift, etc.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide because it cleans well with little residue but it is expensive compared to other brands. So when I need stain lifting I always buy the powder. Making that paste works and their color safe Tide is great. However, with Acti-Lift I did not see the results I hoped for and agree with the other customers Cheer is lighter cleaner and less expensive. I do not need all the dyes and colors in my laundry when trying to remove stains. Less is more!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As all others who have used this product almost all their lives I have been a staunch Tide user. However since Tide has come out with so many other products my feeling is that they have removed the cleaning power of their original formula thus forcing the customer to buy all the additives. I am disappointed with this strategy and when I finish the Tide I have on hand I will either try the new Acti-Lift , smallest size, before I switch to another brand.', {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is a decent product however it does the same job as my other detergent that I have used for years with a lot less cost, especially with 5 month infant in the house. Cost is everything!!!!! Thank you for letting me try your new product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod did a good job, definitely an easy way to get all of the benefits without having to spend alot of time pretreating and with a 2 year old in the house there is usually some stains. If it is affordable I would consider purchasing the Tide pods in the future.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pod was no better or worse than what I use now.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('1 dose of Tide HE Turbo Clean in quick cycle vs. 6 doses of the next leading liquid HE compatible detergent in normal cycle.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was given this as a free sample to test. However, my washing machine does not have a quick cycle. It is about 5 years old (Samsung HE front load). I used this detergent as a substitute for my ordinary detergent. I feel as though it performed as well, but I still prefer the scent of the Tide with Downy Sweet Dreams detergent over this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(289, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("PG you've done it again. First you changed the original scent of Downy a few years back and now you've changed the original scent of Tide. Why change a good thing Why not just come out with a new scent instead of changing a classic Since y'all probably won't change the scent back like Downy hasn't switched back even after losing many long time customers, I have an idea. Why not come out with a Tide and Downy classic scent For those of us who never thought the scents needed to be changed in the first place. I'll still buy other Tide scents and other PG detergents, ONLY because all other detergent brands smell like glass cleaner to me. But I'm not happy about the scent change and I think it says a lot about what Tide and PG think of their customer's full satisfaction.", {'entities': [(133, 137, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would like to know how you can change the scent of your original detergent, your flagship scent and still call it original scent without any type of label change to the bottle. The new scent in the Tide original bottle is absolutely horrid. You had a great thing going with the original scent why mess with it Seriously debating switching from Tide. You need to get that new stuff off store shelves and bring back the original scent, in order to keep customers.', {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Last year my school had a science fair, and we all had to make up our own hypothesis, test it, and turn in our results. I used gain, tide, and purex. Tide took about half of the mustard stain away while purex took first place. If you want something great for removing stains, I'd recommend purex or tide.", {'entities': [(150, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so disappointed when I bought a bottle of original Tide and realized the smell had been changed! I've always loved how well Tide cleaned my clothes and the smell was even better. I no longer buy it due to the new scent. Please consider changing it back. If you want to create another new scent, you can call it something else.", {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods are convenient however I don't think they are worth the price that you would pay for them. Clothes did not come out any brighter nor did I notice any difference in using Pods vs. detergent and stain fighter alone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My recommendation should really read yes AND no! I have used the Tide Pods now for quite a while, as they are very convenient and seem to do a great job when using warm water. Unfortunately, when using them in cold water loads (I have a two year old Whirlpool front loader), I am getting a sticky blue mess/residue on many of my items. It has happened with towels, sheets and basic clothing and it's inconvenient, to say the least. It also gunks up my washer well by the door with the same sticky substance. I find it a pain to have to have liquid detergent on hand for some loads and these Pods for others, so I may stop buying them altogether. Too bad because they do clean the clothing and linens well...when they work and they're so easy. Please fix this, Proctor Gamble!", {'entities': [(65, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You changed the Original scent, and it's horrible, just like everyone here has pointed out. Then you told us to buy the updated Mountain Spring scent, which does smell like the original Original. And now that's gone. What's up PG I'm not sure who you're testing your scents with, but perhaps its time to start sampling the general public. Most of your scents are terrible. If it weren't for the fact that Tide performs better than most other detergents on the market, I'd be dumping you altogether. I've switched to Free Gentle honestly, though, I like a little bit of fresh (not nauseating) scent when I do laundry, and it's disappointing you keep missing the mark there.", {'entities': [(405, 409, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide! I have not had a problem with the Pods...yet! But if you look at the recent reviews, you'll see that many have had a problem with staining and plastic. Last year when the reviews started, there were no complaints...except a rare one. Perhaps they're having quality issues. I hope no customers are lost and they can fix this soon. I have an LG HE washer and find the Pods so much easier than measuring and pouring into the small hole for the detergent. That's why I gave 3 reviews. We need UNSCENTED. Also, not sure why you need to buy Tide Boost to help your Tide. Why don't you just 'perfect' the Tide I never buy the additional product, Tide Boost...don't know why we need that.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked the fact that it dissolved quickly. I also thought it was really cute, all squishy and just small and compact. However it didn't wash any better or worse than my regular detergent. I have also checked the prices of it in the store, and OMG! Way too much money. Sorry but in these hard economic times I really don't see paying THAT much for a name. If you like Tide and you can afford it, you will probably love these. If you're on a tight budget, maybe not so much. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(368, 372, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I didn't really notice a difference one way or another. The stain came out most of the way and had to use something else to get it out. The smell is a bit strong, and with a husband who has asthma, I have to be careful around him with strong smells. I prefer the plain old Tide powder or liquid - we're not really into any of the 'designer smells' that Tide (or others) produce. Looks like it's just plain old Tide for us from now on.", {'entities': [(273, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so disappointed when I bought a bottle of original Tide and realized the smell had been changed! I've always loved how well Tide cleaned my clothes and the smell was even better. I no longer buy it due to the new scent. Please consider changing it back. If you want to create another new scent, you can call it something else.", {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide pods work fine but I would not recommend because I don't think they are worth the price. I do really like the Tide washing powder but I don't like the pods as well eventhough the concept is good. I just wish the smell and quality of the original was there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Tide in the largest size and more than once the caps leak all over my dryer, floor, the bottle, if I don't put it upright after I draw some liquid. I think the caps are poorly designed. And, yes, I loosen the cap before drawing the soap and tighten afterward. It still leaks.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received 2 bottles of TIde he turbo clean for free so that I could try it and review it. I used Tide Turbo Clean on 5 loads of laundry and it cleaned the same as regular Tide. I do not have a quick cycle on my top loader he washing machine, so I cannot say if it would clean as well in a shorter time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide with bleach alternative for years. I recently bought the Tide Acti-Lift and didn't realize it was an all new formula. The red flannel sheets I have been washing for years with the bleach alternative without problems suddenly ran with the new Acti-Lift, turning several whites in the same load to pink. I'll probably still use it, but will have to separate colors, which I am not in the habit of doing. Beware.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide forever. I have sensitive skin and Tide products have always worked for me. I have tried other products over the years but never buy them a second time. I always go back to Tide and wonder why I bothered. My mother used Tide the powder and now I use the liquid.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The original Tide is what my used on my clothes when I was little girl. And what I started using again once I hit college. This is also the detergent my step dad used. I can't really tell the difference between the concentrated and non concentrated, except for the size of the bottle. I was always a sucker for the clean breeze and mountain spring. But, have re-developed a perfume allergy. So, I'm on free an clear now.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the new Tide Pods Detergent and feel that is the best and smart portion..like my coffe pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received 2 bottles of TIde he turbo clean for free so that I could try it and review it. I used Tide Turbo Clean on 5 loads of laundry and it cleaned the same as regular Tide. I do not have a quick cycle on my top loader he washing machine, so I cannot say if it would clean as well in a shorter time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("All HE Tide products should come in another color than the original bottles. I can only use the HE products and mistakenly grab the wrong bottle almost every visit to the store. I see the HE bottle, but grab the wrong one since they are stocked consistently next to the original bottles. Help P G and Tide. Change the bottles, why don't ya", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up with Tide. It was a staple in our household. At that time, it was the powder detergent. Now, in my household, we use Tide HE. I like that less product is used per load. Our clothes always come out smelling fresh and of course, clean (credit to HE washer, too). The scent is light and pleasant unlike some floral, overbearing detergents on the market. The cost is comparable to other brands.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide LIQUID for many years. I received a sample of the Tide PODS in a package, and after trying it, realized I really enjoyed the mess-free, simple usage.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I thought that these were great after trying the sample on my jug of liquid Tide.. Less mess, right But when I got the bag of pods home from the store, I noticed one had broken in the bag and now they are all gross and sticky. I guess that I will make certain to purchase the container of them from now on.', {'entities': [(76, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually only use actually detergent-softeners and extra fragrances can be costly for a student. Thats why it was nice to have a load of detergent plus the extras compact in such a little package. My only concern is how much material Tide is using to produce the pods and how much energy is going into pre-packaging each load. Are the pods more environmentally and economically responsible than the traditional bottles, or less so This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(235, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really appreciate the pods not only because it has the quality care of Tide but I have noticed that I do not go through laundry as quickly. I understand the higher price especially for the quality and the simplicity of this product. I am curious to see if you will be coming out with a fabric softener as well. Thanks. Shannon This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(73, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I definetly like Tide as a product, and I think this Pods are certanly awesome because yo have the exact measure, and its smells great. The clothes are very clean.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Recently purchased first bottle of Tide with Acti-Lift and I appreciate the improvement that I am seeing in stain removal on our clothing. Our laundry presents lots of stains, perspiration and really dirty clothing- we work outside. With first load I saw an improvement in the cleaning. I have already told several friends that they need to try this product. Thanks for the change!', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a stain on one of my work pants that did not come out with regular washing . I had come to believe that its a stain to stay. When I got the Tide pod detergent I tried it on those pants and the stain came out . The socks and other things i put in with the pants came out much cleaner . I washed everything in warm water ,and I was surprised it came so clean. I usualy have to wash my socks in hot hot water for them to come out that clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(146, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a Tide user for a number of years. This product was as easy and mess-free to use as expected. I just popped it into the machine, with my clothing, and closed the door. An obvious shortfall with this product is the need to still have to add fabric softener to the washer. I know it would be a challenge to integrate fabric softener into a product like this, perhaps the folks at Tide can find a solution. As far as my clothes, they came out Tide clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Another reliable and great product from Tide - now made for HE machines! I bought it in the original scent, and while I use less - it still gets my clothes clean! I've had one shirt with multiple stains, which ALL came out! The only reason it loses a star is for the price - I do wish stores and PG could find a way to lower the price!", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Tide PODS, and decided to test it on my children's muddy uniforms. It did a great job of removing the grass and mud stain from knees. Will continue to use in the future.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother started using Tide when I was little and I have continued to do so myself. I love the way my clothes look and feel after washing. When I saw the advertisements for the new tide pods, I was excited. I love the convenience of the all in one packages. Just drop in and go. However for all its greatness, I find I am not fond of the scents you offer. Tide original would be my scent of choice. Please consider adding this to your Tide Pod line. Many people will be happy.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide, so when the pods came out I had to try them. I loved them. I love the conviience of no measuring. They last me longer because I'm not pouring too much liquid. My clothes always smell, look and feel clean. I bought the large container. By the middle I noticed the pods started to stick together. Trying to separate them they broke and leaked. I was disappointed. I recently bought a small bag thinking maybe if they don't sit as long. Sad to say, I just took one out and they are starting to stick to each other. I will not buy them again. So sad. Such a great idea. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using the tide PODS approx. 4 months ago. We moved into a house that has well water and needed a product that would keep our clothes from turning yellow AND leave a fresh clean scent. A friend of mine suggested I try the Tide PODS. They keep my clothes fresh and clean.( I have to say that I do use oxi-clean with every load as well.) I have 3 boys that play sports and a very active 2 year old boy and so far no stains and they smell great (even when they do their own laundry)! I am overall impressed with the results and will continue to buy TIDE, as long as the budget allows :)', {'entities': [(231, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I went to the Tide PODs after using liquid laundry detergent, then ALL PODs. The liquid laudry detergent was painfully heavy in the size I purchased. And if it fell...there goes ten loads spilled... The ALL didn't seem to quite give me that sense of clean I like. I used to use Tide in my twenties and thought let me go back to it.... If I find I like it the cost is worth it. Well, I've only had a few not dissolve. Like one other reader my husband actually (sans reading the instructions) placed the PODS in the dispenser without any issues at all. I however still use the drum but may rethink it if I have encounter other non-dissollve issues. We have front load machines. I'm going to write the company and see if they have non-chlorine bleach in an all-in-one detergent. I don't just want brightener I want germ killer too...there is ick in certain clothing that needs a little bleach from time to time. I rated it a four for the wasted PODS", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always use Tide, for years and years and years, and love it. It cleans very well. I can especially tell from my whites, but the scent is in no way, the original. Its an aquatic smell now, which is just okay with me. Definitely not the 'original' as claimed to be.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I first tried these when I ran out of detergent and on a quick trip this was all the store had available for front-loading/HE. So, I thought I would give it a try. I didn't expect any different results than my regular Tide w/ Bleach HE, but when I put away the clothes, I noticed that they looked nicer. They really were cleaner and brighter - even some of our older and more dingy clothes came out looking much newer. So, I have stuck with the pods through over 100 loads. I have not had any issues with the pods not dissolving, like others have had. However, I am somewhat careful about placing the pod. I put it in AFTER I load the clothes, and right in the area where the water first pours in. Of course, I also have a hubby and kids helping - who knows where they put it! For us, the pods have worked really well, and we are very pleased. If there was only a way to incorporate fabric softener, it would be 5 stars. A scent-free version would be nice, although I don't terribly mind the scents available.", {'entities': [(218, 222, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the only detergent i would buy because it is the best', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is amazing. I love Tide products. GO TIDE GO. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would buy Tide more often than I do if it was more affordable. It works great and smells good.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked using the pod, but I'm not sure I noticed any difference in my laundry results and I would not want to pay more for it than using my traditional Tide detergent. I have to do a price comparison and figure out if it is worthwhile. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(153, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the new Tide Pods the smell is great, no fuss or mess you just pop it in and is done the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the price, I don't think I could afford this product but if I did I would not hesitate on buying it :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Tide because it's the only detergent that doesn't irritate my skin. It's too bad it just keeps getting more expensive every time I purchase it.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods did an excellent job of cleaning and removing stains from my daughter's school uniforms. With my daughter having to wear the same uniforms every week, they really take a beating...but Tide pods have helped to bring them back to life. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These immediately reminded me of the Tide tablets I loved from many years ago. My only complaint is I miss the Febreze scent I have used recently in the liquid. It leaves my clothes smelling so wonderful. Will this be an option in the future This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I truly love the Tide pods, I was buying the detergent, laundry boost and stain remover. I am saving time and money. You still have to pretreat some stains that have set in, but I do not have a problem with that. Would recommend for everyone.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pod sample was simple to use, and I like simplicity. I think that the biggest setback to all Tide products is price. Tide outprices themself most of the time. If I can afford Tide, I am happy with the results every time. Tide has yet to let me down. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product does work great on cleaning my clothes however, I have never been a fan of the original scent and that is all I can ever find in the stores. Tide needs to offer more scents and variety in the HE formulas!', {'entities': [(154, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide with bleach is good to get all kinds of stains out. The powered version seems to be stronger than the liquid and last longer. I wish Tide was cheaper especially with this tough economy. A good backup is Cheer.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is well-contained and easy to use. I use liquid before but sometimes it gets messy. pod is quite small and clean. smells ok. and Tide brand is no debt good quality.', {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods detergent is great to carry when traveling. No spills with the pods or concerns of need to double or triple bag. My children take to pods to summer camp and share with their friends. No need to measure or sneeze like a powder detergent. Clothing is clean and fresh after washing with Tide pods even when living in a campground.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide HE Turbo Clean worked wonderfully in my HE washer. My clothes came out as clean as usual. My only complaint is that it does not seem to come in a sensitive skin formula. While I could use it for some of our laundry, I would have to buy separate detergent for my little one's clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for the last 12 years. All I want is a detergent that will clean like Tide always has, not fade colors, and is formulated for front loaders. Seems as though most new formulas of Tide never come out in the HE formula for front loaders.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the ease of the pods. It got my clothes as clean as I've come to expect from Tide. I forget the scent of my sample, but it was stronger than I'm used to or than I like which is why I gave it 4 stars. I am a Mountain Spring girl, so I hope that I will be able to buy the pods in the traditional scents. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(84, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One of the worst parts about laundry detergent is knowing how much or how little to use. Spilling is another problem and having the nasty measuring cup sitting around. Tide Pods eliminates all that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(168, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used the Tide pods and we are pretty much hooked. Used to always tend to overfill the cup now it is quick and easy to just toss one in. No Spills to clean up. I just like it. I do wish that a Tide-Free pod were available. Going to the store now and am hoping to find one though doesn't seem like it from what I poked around on this site so far :(", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried both of the Tide HE Powder and Liquid. I love the powder more, I was able to clean and do more loads than the Liquid. I didn't have an overwhelming smell, not like the liquid. With the Liquid I would put more than the required and still my clothes didn't feel or smell clean. My only problem now is finding a store that will sell the powder.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods, it was so easy to use and my clothing smelled awesome! I use a H. E. washer and was kind of hesitant to put the Pod in the washer as the directions specified...but it was great! My clothes came out clean, no residue was left in the washer and clothes did appear brighter. All in all, a great product though a little pricey compared to competitors products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for many years. I was excited when the pods came out and bought a large container. I thought this would be less messy than pouring from a bottle. It is but, the packages damage easily and melt in the container so I lose a lot of the product. The packaging of this product needs to be improved. I tried other detergent pods and I do not have this problem.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for as long as I can remember. When your company came out with Tide/April Fresh I couldn't believe anything could make your clothes smell so good. Please consider using this in your pods. The fragrances you have now are rather a little too different I will continue to use the Tide w/ April Fresh detergent and hope you add April Fresh to your pods because they are easy to use. I feel certain there are other women who would agree with me.I can't compare Tide with any other detergent because I have always been satisfied with the way my laundry comes out so clean.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are handy, but with all those sections, I expected one to contain fabric softener. Whether I buy them or not depends on the per wash price of the Pods vs Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a high efficiency washer, and I only use Tide that is marked HE', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is really great. It gets rid of stains and the new Acti*Lift solution does deliver. I just now prefer more of a green solution when it comes to laundry. I hope Tide will have a green version soon!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is my favorite laundry detergent and I was exited to try Tide Pods. It is very easy to use, it has a light scent, and is not messy at all. This product is perfect for a quick wash since detergent, stain remover and softener is in one little pod. For a bigger wash i would strongly recommend adding 2. P.S. I received this product for testing from Influenster. All opinions are my own', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I thought Tide Pods were wonderful! I used it in my wash for the first time this past weekend and my clothes still smell fantastic! Tide is a product that I trust, and I was very pleased with my results! Another plus is my son is usually very allergic to strong perfumes and so far no rash! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Most dryers are located next to washers, therefore the most common place for easily available laundry detergent is on top of dryer. Tide pods melt together if even slightly warm. Solution, if this happens place them in refrigerator, they will easily come apart.', {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the pod and I think it does a great job with my laundry. However, the blue part of the pod is a problem. Twice now, I've had blue staining from the pod, both times on sheets. I think maybe the pod get's caught up in the sheets during the cycle and it leaves the blue streaking. I take exception to the response by Tide on the same comment a few days about about using a stain remover. I shouldn't have to use a stain remover to take something out that your product put in. If it's staining, it should be removed from your product. That said, I will still use the pods, but I'm not happy about the blue staining. I'm sure this is a marketing thing, to have colors like this in your product. You shouldn't underestimate the intelligence of your consumers. We don't need bright flashy dyes in our detergent to believe that it works.", {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I expect good results from Tide, and that's what I got. I have a fairly new (purchased Sept 2011) top-load Maytag washer, and the pod dissolved completely. I didn't notice any special scent, nor did I notice anything special about the cleanliness of the clothes. That may be because I don't have especially filthy laundry. The clothes are clean, and they smell ... fresh, if that's the right word. It's an interesting concept to not measure the amount of detergent, and I'm not sure I'm entirely comfortable with letting go of that control (yes, I do have control issues, why do you ask). I have not yet priced this product in the store, nor compared it to the number of loads from a regular bottle of liquid, so I don't know if it will suit this budget shopper's price point. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I enjoy using Tide pods. They are easy to use, just throw it in. They are also fast, no measuring needed. Any one can use the pods. I have used the pods for about a year now.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love this new Tide formula because it does an amazing job at lifting stains and really gets my clothes clean. It is an easy way to help your laundry look great everytime.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a wonderful idea and is sooo easy! I do plenty of laundry and this has been the best solution I have found yet for ease of use. The only thing I wish is that there was a Tide Pod that didn't have dyes/perfumes. My skin is very sensitive and this works great on the boys clothes but I can't use it on mine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(178, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a Tide detergent user and had no doubts about using pods until I smelled how fragrant it is. I use the Tide w/out fragrance and although the Pod seemed to have the perfect amount of soap and convenience (no measuring or messy drips) I won't use it again unless it's fragrance free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pod is easy - no measuring and no mess. The clothes were clean, which I would expect from any Tide product. I am concerned as to how they will hold up in FL humidity. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods make doing laundry on campus easier. The pods clean my clothes exceptionally well. They work with the high efficiency washing machines my school got this year.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the product but I hate the smell. I researched this site and see that you make a HE detergent with Febreze....which I love. My family calls me the Febreze Queen. However, I have a hard time finding the HE Tide brand with Febreze in my area. I also find the HE brand expensive but necessary because I have a HE machine and wouldn't use anything else. A loyal Tide customer. NEEDING THE FEBREZE SCENT!!!! :-)", {'entities': [(212, 216, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Tide HE Turbo Clean and tested it out on 4 loads of laundry, two mixed color, one towels and one of athletics. I was pleased that I was able to get fresh, clean smelling laundry in less time. However, I don't feel like the quick cycle did the job on the athletics. I typically do an extended soak on those, and the quick cycle and the Tide HE Turbo Clean didn't leave those clothes as fresh and clean as I would have liked. Overall, I will continue to use Tide HE Turbo Clean for my regular laundry on the quick cycle, but will return to my regular routine with my extra stinky athletics. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just purchased my first front loading washer and dryer and needed to buy new detergent to go with it. I love the smell of Tide and it's always done a great job of getting my clothes clean. I bought the Tide HE 2X original scent. I love it. It leaves my clothes smelling good and clean. But when I did my first load of whites the blue soap turned some of my whites blue. All cotton materials were fine, but it was anything with spanex or stretchy material. Even the stitching on our socks are blue. I'm going to have to find something else to wash my whites with.", {'entities': [(124, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods Detergent works well except for the fact that the smell is too strong. The clothes came out clean but hopefully, it will be produced without any fragrance. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Try this product. Tide boost pods work really great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can say with confidence that Tide has a winner with Tide pods.I was satisfied with the sample i was sent. More please!', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only had a single pod to try, so the results are negligible. I usually do a very thorough job of laundry. I thought it was easy and thought the results were equally as good as with other Tide products. I will buy them instead of my usual Tide detergent the next time I need laundry soap and get a better handle on the overall product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(189, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the new Tide Pods for the convenience. I noticed the same cleaning power with one little Pod as I generally get when using my full cap of liquid Tide. The only thing different was the scent was not as strong. I for one love the smell of my Tide, so based on that, I think I'll stick with my Total Care. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It was really easy and convenient with no measuring, but didn't notice any overall different in cleaning/fabric softening ability with regular tide. Due to regular Tide generally being cheaper, I will most likely stick to using that. I could see where this product could be really handy for elderly with arthritis or maybe mentally handicapped or blind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Tide Original customer for over 20 years. I can not believe they changed the scent. I can't even wear the clothes I've washed! You've lost a loyal customer PG.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I moved to Tide Pods from the liquid Detergent. I love the Pods! It makes laundry that much easier. Once or twice it did not desolve. However, those where times I stuffed a king size quilt in my front load washer. I have discovered, if you put the Pod in first (with large loads) then your clothes (quilt) on top, it desolves as it should. Thanks Tide!!', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide with bleach alternative for years. I recently bought the Tide Acti-Lift and didn't realize it was an all new formula. The red flannel sheets I have been washing for years with the bleach alternative without problems suddenly ran with the new Acti-Lift, turning several whites in the same load to pink. I'll probably still use it, but will have to separate colors, which I am not in the habit of doing. Beware.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I got my new HE washer and dryer I got Tide HE as recommended and I liked everything about Tide HE except for the smell - I wasn't saving any water with having to use 2 or 3 extra rinses to get rid of the fragrance that clung even though with our soft water I can use much less than recommended - the smell fills the whole house and I really don't like walking around smelling like Tide. I've actually stopped using it until it becomes available in Unscented.", {'entities': [(44, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I play a sport, have a part time job in an office and go to class almost every day. I wear 2-3 outfits a day and pile up dirty laundry fast. Since the only space I have for myself is a 10x14 room I don't have much choice but wash frequently. Tide Pods was a gift from the dorm laundry room gods! I don't have haul around 3 heavy jugs of cleaning solution up and down the stairs anymore :) They are a little pricey but for the months that I have a few extra dollars I am definitely splurging on TIDE PODS!", {'entities': [(242, 246, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the pods, they cleaned well and had a good scent. My only draw back is the price compared to the price of regular Tide. I do know that it has 3 different properties to it and that will save money. I didn't have any clothes in the load that I washed that was stained to see how well the stain fighting abilities are but over all I liked the product. My favorite thing is throwing one thing in the machine without dealing with the big jug of liquid, add fabric softener to it and I am sold!! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(122, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Overall, I really enjoyed using new Tide Pods Detergent. The smell was wonderful and I trust the Tide name to get my clothes their cleanest. But the thing I loved the most was the fact that there was no mess from pour/scooping. In fact, the only thing that kept me from giving it a full five stars would be the price I found them in the stores. Once the pods are more equivalent to the other detergent, I will probably make the switch. Until then, I think I will stay happy with my regular Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is one of the brands that has always cleaned well and I love it. I must agree with the other person who said that the old Tide did get the smell out of the clothes much better than the new Tide. I too wish you would bring back the old formula Tide so I could get the smell out of my mother's clothes. Please keep up the Loads of Hope program.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would not purchase this product for everyday use..I feel the price is a little to high for that use even if it does the job. It cleaned my laundry just as well as the other Tide products I use. I would surely buy it for a trip or camping because it is so portable and no measuring device needed. I do wish there were different load sizes of the product in case I wanted to do a small delicate load of laundry instead of having to use a pod that is meant for a normal size load. Overall a handy product that works well. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(175, 179, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am in love with Tide Pods. I wish that I could get coupons for the pods to make each purchase a bit cheaper. I love the scent used. Thanks so much for this product!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the pods and was not that impressed. I felt like using the products separately worked better for my laundry needs. I only use Tide and I will continue but I won't use the pods again.", {'entities': [(134, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried Tide Pods for 3 months and never had a problem. Id start the water then added the pods before i put my clothes into to let the pod dissolve , and never had any issue. Clothes had a very clean feel and scent.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are a great way to quickly get laundry done. I am teaching my teens how to wash laundry and Tide Pods have made the process simple and efficient. What a great product. Our clothes come out smelling great and looking great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I get the same results with the normal Tide. I received this product as a free trial, but I would purchase this over the normal HE Tide, but only because it had Turbo Clean in the label.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide Pods and I was a little unsure at first about the product. I do not usually use Tide for my laundry but wanted to try something new. When I received the sample and opened it, I was a little overwhelmed by the scent it was really heavy and seemed to hang in the air even after I had put the product away. However, after I used the product on a load of laundry I was impressed. The ease of just throwing this tiny capsule into my laundry and then walking away is great and it gets the job done. The only complaint that I seem to really have is that fabric softener is not included in the product. I would recommend this product to others and I am seriously considering purchasing the product, as long as it fits into my budget. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have two kids that love to run around outside in their white socks. My oldest daughter and her friends play soccer in their white socks too. I have piles of filthy socks to wash every week. I haven't found anything that gets them clean like Tide.", {'entities': [(243, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so surprised to receive a sample of the Tide Pods original in a package I got,and I am so impressed. I would 10/10 recommend these to any of my friends and family!', {'entities': [(46, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Pods is convenient to use. However I wasn't particularly happy with the fragrance. It is extremely mild and not a very great smell. I prefer to stick to my Tide Sport only for the fragrance and freshness I feel after doing my laundry. If they bring a similar fragrance to pods i will happily make a switch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(156, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
('New Tide Pods Detergent are so simple to use Just toss it in, add clothes and go. You get the same great Tide cleaning in a simple pod. Cleaning made simple. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a rental property we do alot of laundry, Tide just seems to do a proper job of cleaning everything we throw into our He washer. I recommend Tide and display Tide in our common area for our renters to see that we only use the best. Thank You, NeonBorax', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a new owner of a front-loading washer and the only detergent I've used is Tide liquid HE. In my last load, I found two orange spots on a polo shirt which had to have come from the detergent. I will probably finish the bottle but be careful about what I wash with it.", {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE Turbo Clean worked really well and I would recommend them and have already bought some more for my laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pod was so easy to just drop in. I used it on my husband's work clothes, which get very dirty. It had a strong smell, which was good but a little powerful. I liked the pod it did a good job cleaning my clothes. I'll probably keep using regular Tide liquid, though, because it lasts me longer since I can decide how much I want to use each time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Since my husband is semi-retired and I am still working full-time, he is in charge of the laundry. (I do my own work clothes). The laundry is pre-sorted so he does do a good job. I came home the first night that he used them and he met me at the door telling me how much he liked the Tide Pods. I also gave some to my daughter and she also enjoyed them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(284, 288, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of Tide Pods in the mail, and gathered my usual load of laundry (plus some special cases) to test it against. I had the normal shirts, jeans, and undergarments, along with a blue tank top that displayed noticeable dullness, and a yellow shirt that received a mysterious stain in a previous wash that I had been unable to remove, even with prolonged soaking and multiple washes in OxyClean. To give you an idea of my clothes washing habits, I am a busy full-time college student, and clothes tend to get re-worn multiple times until there is noticeable dirt or smell (I know, I'm gross, I'm sorry). I don't sort by colors, and wash everything together in cold water. The Tide Pod was up against a formidable foe. First impressions: The Pod is really neat (in both cleanliness and tactile feeling). It feels almost like a delicate bath bead. They smell nice and light, but not overly similar to other Tide products I have smelled before. Washing results: My normal clothes looked, smelled, and felt clean after washing with the Tide Pod. The mysterious stains on the yellow shirt had disappeared, which particularly impressed me! The blue tank top, however, was still dingy and dull. My clothes smelled noticeably fresh (the smell is very faint, which in my opinion is a good thing, as strong scents can make me sneeze a lot). Overall impression: While I don't think this product brightened any of my clothes, I would definitely use the Tide Pod again for the convenience, tidiness, and the stain remover. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only use Tide detergent, but I hesitate to use the pods. A couple of years back, I used ALL pods (given to me) and the leftover plastic stuck to the clothes in the washer. I guess I'll try this", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for many years. I was excited when the pods came out and bought a large container. I thought this would be less messy than pouring from a bottle. It is but, the packages damage easily and melt in the container so I lose a lot of the product. The packaging of this product needs to be improved. I tried other detergent pods and I do not have this problem.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the pods, they cleaned well and had a good scent. My only draw back is the price compared to the price of regular Tide. I do know that it has 3 different properties to it and that will save money. I didn't have any clothes in the load that I washed that was stained to see how well the stain fighting abilities are but over all I liked the product. My favorite thing is throwing one thing in the machine without dealing with the big jug of liquid, add fabric softener to it and I am sold!! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(122, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Out of all versions of Tide, my favorite scent in both liquid, powder is Mountain Spring scent. I only wish this were available in HE formula, so I can use it in my front loader. I have the original formula original with bleach alternative, and both are good, but I miss using Mountain Spring scent. Please Proctor Gamble, make more of your Tide detergent available in HE formula. In fact, make a universal front loader/top loader detergent, like other detergent makers are slowly doing.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used my Tide Pod on a full load of white cotton laundry and found that it worked very well. The fragrance is light and pleasant. The method of delivery (the pod) is very handy for people who have problems with spillage or difficulty screwing a cap on or off or who can't lift a heavy bottle. It is also handy for people to take along on vacations or business trips.This detergent is rather expensive to buy, compared with the prices of other brands, but some people will feel that the method of delivery, the good results, and the pleasant fragrance are worth the price difference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Easy to use no mess! Tide gets clothes clean and smells fresh.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using this new Tide I immediately noticed a difference in not only how long my washer needed to run, but how much more vibrant the colors seemed. Since I don't have to use as much detergent the smaller sized bottle has worked great for me and my family. I have already encouraged my friends and family to switch, if they haven't already. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new Tide Pods have an interesting feel to them. It may be a novelty, but I could feel the difference in the first load of laundry. It seemed to remove the residual fabric softener from the towels and left them feeling cleaner. I didn't give it a 5 because I want to wait and see if the pods last and don't disintegrate over time and heat in the container. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We just purchased a new Samsung front loader. We had a new pack of Tide Pods from our previous washer and liked their convenience. However, We have now used our new washer twice wtih the pods and found them only partially dissolved in the detergent tray. Its too bad becasue now we have a bunch of pods we can't use. Both Tide and the Samsung sites said the pods would be okay but obviously they were wrong.", {'entities': [(67, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the packaging and look of this product.Didn't get a chance to take advantage of the stain remover, but my clothes came out fresh and clean. Really simple and quick way to get a chore done that most of us busy homemakers and moms hate doing. Would love to use Tide Pods again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(264, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have been a Tide faithful for most of my 67 years. My mother before me. My body now needs a gentler product. The Tide Free fills that need. However, the price is far out of my range. Now that other less expensive products are making Free detergents, I will be using those. You have over priced your self out of a faithful customer. :(', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just purchased and used the new Tide with Acti Lift. Only one thing could make me happier with the laundry product I have used for many years. I'm unable to read clearly the measurements on the inside of the navy blue lid of the new packaging. I would like to see a change made in that portion of the new product to make the measurement clearly readable.. Thanks for listening.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The concept is great, obviously removes the messy measuring and pouring of liquid detergent. Tide is awesome as always! Hope that this packaging is offered in Free Clear as my kids struggle with sensitive skin and I'd be more likely to buy this if it were fragrance and dye free. I will also be more likely to purchase it if the pricing is comparable to liquid detergent. I am just too mindful of budget to pick convenience over price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(93, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently (Approx. 6 months ago) switched over to the HE washerdryer. Of course switching over to the 'HE' Tide, but to my dismay I could not find the Mountain Spring scent for the Tide HE. I love Tide and have used it for years, but I absolutely love the Mountain Spring scent!! Can you PLEASE make the Mountain Spring version for 'HE', your Original is good but I miss that 'so fresh and so clean' scent!!", {'entities': [(108, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the new HE turbo clean on everything from denim to towels, even delicates. I got the same great tide results with the turbo clean as I have in the past with the regular HE detergent. The wash times Were set to Speed Wash and the clothes all came out just as great as when I use regular Tide HE. I did not use any bleach products or softeners and my laundry smelled great and came out soft and stain free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(294, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Ultra Tide HE in the 170 oz bottle. I like that I don't have to buy it so often, saves money, and I really liked the spout for easy use. The first one was great, no leaks. I didn't like the residue in the measuring cup, but...minor. However, the second bottle leaks all over the place from where the white spout cap attaches to the bottle. I have tried tightening the cap, even standing the bottle upright, but still...leaks. Anybody have a solution", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Pods since they came out, but have had a baby who has sensitive skin and needs the free and gentle formula which I am disappointed is not available in the pods! My regular store has basically stopped selling liquid detergent in favor of pods so I am forced to buy a sensitive skin formula for his clothes in another brand. I would love it if Tide starts making them in the free and gentle as they are so convenient with the baby... Just toss it in and go!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the new way tide is packaged and made into a pod. It is a great idea and nice and easy to deal with. I do about 3-5 loads of laundry a day and have rheumatoid arthritis so the way tide is now used is great for people like me. There are a couple of reasons I can not say it is EXCELLENT. First, I've noticed it does not melt down completely in cold water loads, I've notice a build up of soap in the front of my front load washing machine. Second, it doesn't get my clothes as clean and bright as it does when I measure the amount of Tide per load, and Third, I just don't know if 1 pod cuts it per load. It says on the directions (1 pod cleans most loads) what loads doesn't 1 pod clean exactly Forth and last...my laundry doesn't smell as good as it does when I use the liquid Tide. Again, I think the idea of a pod is totally ingenious but it could use just a few modifications to make it perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(540, 544, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Itchy Dry Eyes after using Tide Pods on your bedding Put your bedding on rinse/spin cycle after the wash. No more Dry itchy Eyes. It's not an allergy after all!", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have just tried a couple of weeks with Tide Pods, Mountain Spring scent. I appreciate the thought which went in to this new delivery mechanism for laundry cleaning agents, however they don't work for me in their current state of development. The main positive is that the cleaning power and the results are what I would expect of a Tide product. The negatives are 1) using cold water in an HE washer, I find the pods not dissolving as quickly as expected, thereby lessening the time the agents are in contact with the clothes, 2) the Mountain Spring scent impresses me of citrus and bubblegum, not at all like the Mountain scent of regular Tide liquid, 3) almost all of my washes are multiple, small loads because I live alone and this strikes me as a waste of the pods, which can handle large loads (perhaps a mini-pod version might be offered, however people might just try to use them on large loads, anyway, and then complain about insufficient cleaning). For now, I'll stick with Tide Totalclean, which is the best overall product for cleaning and softening clothing that I have ever used.", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I married my husband, he demanded using Tide for the laundry. So I switched and I liked the smell. The clothes got clean and when you came out with Tide Pods, I changed. The question is why does the Tide Pods not smell like Tide. I am not fond of the new scents. Please make the pods smell like the liquid,', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods Original are easy to use, effective detergent, and scent is as good as Spring Meadow, which is my regular Tide Pod', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Product is very handy - just throw a pod into the wash rather than measuring out and having to rinse the measuring cup. I like it for when my children are helping with laundry because they can't spill it! However, for my own use, I prefer the flexibility of the liquid Tide so I can adjust the amount of detergent I am using based on the load size, amount of grime, etc. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(269, 273, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the Tide pod on a regular load of laundry and it was easy to use. The clothes came out clean and smelled nice. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods perform very well as a convenient way of dispensing laundry detergent. Personally, I look for a pod type detergent that contains OxyClean and a mild scent, such as Fabreeze.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod was very easy to use, no measuring required! No mess of spilled detergent! The clothes looked great and the pod dissolved fully in the load. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods are extremely easy to use. There's no measuring involved, just drop one into the washing machine. I could not tell however, if more stains were removed using the pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just did a load of clothes using the Tide pod and I think I will be pleased with the results.', {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After being disappointed in the April Fresh Downy + Tide HE scent change, I went back to the original scent - the one signature smell that keeps Tide's brand recognition and customer loyalty. The new scent is not worth the price tag and I expect people to make the brand switchover unless they reinstate the Tide smell we grew up loving. The new odor is perfume like and unfamiliar, which is a no no in today's economy. Please listen to your customer's and switch back. Many thanks.", {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical to say the least. I used the Tide Pod in a load of mixed items including socks, small blankets, towels and my boys dirty clothes. I was surprised. The socks were noticeably cleaner then the loads done with other detergent and the other items were soft and spelled very nice. There is a very good chance that I will be using the Tide Pods in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked the detergent, but I don't think it would be worth the extra cost for the packaging. If you're into convenience though, this is the product for you! Just drop one in your laundry and you're done. Super simple and it works as well as other Tide products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(247, 251, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide products, but they are getting way too expensive. People ask me what I use for laundry and I say Tide BUT it is kind of pricey. They then offer suggestions as to what they use, so I will be trying other less expensive products for a while. Thank You', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really love the Tide Pods concept. It is very convenient and the pods leave the laundry smelling great! The problem is that the Pods don't always completely dissolve in my HE washer. I have the water level at the highest setting. The issue seems to be really random. I don't over or under fill my washer. Sometimes it dissolves perfectly! Other times there are stains on the clothes (from the stain remover/color booster) and the film from the pod is stuck on an article of clothing. Rewashing takes care of the issue, but that is really inconvenient. I would give Tide Pods 5 stars if they dissolved consistently because I really do love the concept!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the Tide Pods thinking that they would be a quick and simple way to do my laundry. They seemed to be working ok, but not as good as the liquid Tide that I have ALWAYS used. I figured I would use up the rest of the package of Pods that I had bought, and then return to the liquid. Well I put the Pod in the bottom of the machine (like the directions say to do) and added my comforter to the machine. When I took the comforter out, there is a huge purpleish stain on it that I CANNOT get out. Needless to say, I will not be using the remaining Pods that I have.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('One of the worst parts about laundry detergent is knowing how much or how little to use. Spilling is another problem and having the nasty measuring cup sitting around. Tide Pods eliminates all that. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(168, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are a great way to save time on measuring out detergent. My only qualm is that they might have been a wee bit too strong smelling. I used my pod in a pretty large load and all of the clothes smelled very good when I got them out but I think it was a little bit too strong for me and stronger than the regular tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide HE since I bought my new Whirlpool front loader 4 years ago. Most recently I have been using Tide HE with Downy. I have been very satisfied with both the washer and the Tide products, EXCEPT for one thing. That is, as I unfortunately just discovered this morning, that the packaging and labeling for Tide HE and regular Tide is so similar that it is easy to pick up the wrong type by mistake. I am now in the process of extra rinse cycles and washer cleaning cycles to get rid of all the suds. Believe me, you do NOT want to use regular detergent in a machine designed for HE detergent. I am hoping the grocery store will let me exchange this bottle for the HE. Please take a look at packaging and labeling that will help to distinguish the detergents. The bottles are the same size, shape and color and the labeling is fairly subtle as well. As I can see from other posts, I am not the first to make this somewhat costly and time consuming mistake. This is the only reason I am awarding Tide 4 stars instead of 5. When I see a satisfactory change, I'll be back and give you the 5th star. Thank you.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide(HE), ALL(HE), Kirkland(HE)...... Belive me, Tide is the best, But it is most expensive than others.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Ultra Tide HE in the 170 oz bottle. I like that I don't have to buy it so often, saves money, and I really liked the spout for easy use. The first one was great, no leaks. I didn't like the residue in the measuring cup, but...minor. However, the second bottle leaks all over the place from where the white spout cap attaches to the bottle. I have tried tightening the cap, even standing the bottle upright, but still...leaks. Anybody have a solution", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried both of the Tide HE Powder and Liquid. I love the powder more, I was able to clean and do more loads than the Liquid. I didn't have an overwhelming smell, not like the liquid. With the Liquid I would put more than the required and still my clothes didn't feel or smell clean. My only problem now is finding a store that will sell the powder.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Tide HE in the Original Scent. Nothing else on the market smells so good. It's not overpowering like most other detergents. Cleans everything, every time. My only gripe, and it has been since the day Tide HE came out, is that it is way too sudsy. Even with 4 rinses in my machine, there are still suds left. I wish PG would reformulate the product to provide less suds!", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up with Tide. It was a staple in our household. At that time, it was the powder detergent. Now, in my household, we use Tide HE. I like that less product is used per load. Our clothes always come out smelling fresh and of course, clean (credit to HE washer, too). The scent is light and pleasant unlike some floral, overbearing detergents on the market. The cost is comparable to other brands.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find it nearly impossible to read how full the measuring cap is after its color was changed to dark blue, which coincidentally is almost the same color as the detergent. The product used to have a silver cap and I could easily see how much detergent I was using. I'm a born sceptic, so I tend to assume the worst, i.e. Tide changed the color of the top to increase product usage. Change it back to silver and all will be forgiven.", {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide with bleach is good to get all kinds of stains out. The powered version seems to be stronger than the liquid and last longer. I wish Tide was cheaper especially with this tough economy. A good backup is Cheer.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I buy Tide because it's the only detergent that doesn't irritate my skin. It's too bad it just keeps getting more expensive every time I purchase it.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Out of all versions of Tide, my favorite scent in both liquid, powder is Mountain Spring scent. I only wish this were available in HE formula, so I can use it in my front loader. I have the original formula original with bleach alternative, and both are good, but I miss using Mountain Spring scent. Please Proctor Gamble, make more of your Tide detergent available in HE formula. In fact, make a universal front loader/top loader detergent, like other detergent makers are slowly doing.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product does work great on cleaning my clothes however, I have never been a fan of the original scent and that is all I can ever find in the stores. Tide needs to offer more scents and variety in the HE formulas!', {'entities': [(154, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a rental property we do alot of laundry, Tide just seems to do a proper job of cleaning everything we throw into our He washer. I recommend Tide and display Tide in our common area for our renters to see that we only use the best. Thank You, NeonBorax', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have been a Tide faithful for most of my 67 years. My mother before me. My body now needs a gentler product. The Tide Free fills that need. However, the price is far out of my range. Now that other less expensive products are making Free detergents, I will be using those. You have over priced your self out of a faithful customer. :(', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently (Approx. 6 months ago) switched over to the HE washerdryer. Of course switching over to the 'HE' Tide, but to my dismay I could not find the Mountain Spring scent for the Tide HE. I love Tide and have used it for years, but I absolutely love the Mountain Spring scent!! Can you PLEASE make the Mountain Spring version for 'HE', your Original is good but I miss that 'so fresh and so clean' scent!!", {'entities': [(108, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide with bleach alternative for years. I recently bought the Tide Acti-Lift and didn't realize it was an all new formula. The red flannel sheets I have been washing for years with the bleach alternative without problems suddenly ran with the new Acti-Lift, turning several whites in the same load to pink. I'll probably still use it, but will have to separate colors, which I am not in the habit of doing. Beware.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have two kids that love to run around outside in their white socks. My oldest daughter and her friends play soccer in their white socks too. I have piles of filthy socks to wash every week. I haven't found anything that gets them clean like Tide.", {'entities': [(243, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just purchased and used the new Tide with Acti Lift. Only one thing could make me happier with the laundry product I have used for many years. I'm unable to read clearly the measurements on the inside of the navy blue lid of the new packaging. I would like to see a change made in that portion of the new product to make the measurement clearly readable.. Thanks for listening.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that the techonology is a great thing. I am sure that the product works as it suggests. I have not noticed a big difference, but our family is not a big stain producer family. I think that the smell though is what gets me. I like the April Fresh smell of the orignal Tide. But, my husband's military clothing are not allowed to have downey in them. (my favorite). However I am sensitve to other brands, so I can not change brands. My question to send out to Tide is: Can we please have the original back on the shelves without the Acti-lift Or is this just my stores here around me Thank you for a great product!", {'entities': [(275, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find Tide cleans the best of all the detergents I have tried. It cleans good and is one of the few detergents I have found with the HE ingridient..', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Recently purchased first bottle of Tide with Acti-Lift and I appreciate the improvement that I am seeing in stain removal on our clothing. Our laundry presents lots of stains, perspiration and really dirty clothing- we work outside. With first load I saw an improvement in the cleaning. I have already told several friends that they need to try this product. Thanks for the change!', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for the last 12 years. All I want is a detergent that will clean like Tide always has, not fade colors, and is formulated for front loaders. Seems as though most new formulas of Tide never come out in the HE formula for front loaders.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide products, but they are getting way too expensive. People ask me what I use for laundry and I say Tide BUT it is kind of pricey. They then offer suggestions as to what they use, so I will be trying other less expensive products for a while. Thank You', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is really great. It gets rid of stains and the new Acti*Lift solution does deliver. I just now prefer more of a green solution when it comes to laundry. I hope Tide will have a green version soon!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love this new Tide formula because it does an amazing job at lifting stains and really gets my clothes clean. It is an easy way to help your laundry look great everytime.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is one of the brands that has always cleaned well and I love it. I must agree with the other person who said that the old Tide did get the smell out of the clothes much better than the new Tide. I too wish you would bring back the old formula Tide so I could get the smell out of my mother's clothes. Please keep up the Loads of Hope program.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the new Tide Pods the smell is great, no fuss or mess you just pop it in and is done the only reason I did not give it 5 stars is the price, I don't think I could afford this product but if I did I would not hesitate on buying it :)", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the packaging and look of this product.Didn't get a chance to take advantage of the stain remover, but my clothes came out fresh and clean. Really simple and quick way to get a chore done that most of us busy homemakers and moms hate doing. Would love to use Tide Pods again.", {'entities': [(264, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Try this product. Tide boost pods work really great.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product is amazing. I love Tide products. GO TIDE GO.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using Tide for years. Satisfied.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE Turbo Clean worked really well and I would recommend them and have already bought some more for my laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide HE Turbo Clean worked wonderfully in my HE washer. My clothes came out as clean as usual. My only complaint is that it does not seem to come in a sensitive skin formula. While I could use it for some of our laundry, I would have to buy separate detergent for my little one's clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Tide HE Turbo Clean and tested it out on 4 loads of laundry, two mixed color, one towels and one of athletics. I was pleased that I was able to get fresh, clean smelling laundry in less time. However, I don't feel like the quick cycle did the job on the athletics. I typically do an extended soak on those, and the quick cycle and the Tide HE Turbo Clean didn't leave those clothes as fresh and clean as I would have liked. Overall, I will continue to use Tide HE Turbo Clean for my regular laundry on the quick cycle, but will return to my regular routine with my extra stinky athletics. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Performed as good as regular Tide, but nothing special that I could observe about the Turbo. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the new HE turbo clean on everything from denim to towels, even delicates. I got the same great tide results with the turbo clean as I have in the past with the regular HE detergent. The wash times Were set to Speed Wash and the clothes all came out just as great as when I use regular Tide HE. I did not use any bleach products or softeners and my laundry smelled great and came out soft and stain free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(294, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using this new Tide I immediately noticed a difference in not only how long my washer needed to run, but how much more vibrant the colors seemed. Since I don't have to use as much detergent the smaller sized bottle has worked great for me and my family. I have already encouraged my friends and family to switch, if they haven't already. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I get the same results with the normal Tide. I received this product as a free trial, but I would purchase this over the normal HE Tide, but only because it had Turbo Clean in the label.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After being disappointed in the April Fresh Downy + Tide HE scent change, I went back to the original scent - the one signature smell that keeps Tide's brand recognition and customer loyalty. The new scent is not worth the price tag and I expect people to make the brand switchover unless they reinstate the Tide smell we grew up loving. The new odor is perfume like and unfamiliar, which is a no no in today's economy. Please listen to your customer's and switch back. Many thanks.", {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm satisfied with the cleaning ability of the product (100 fl oz Tide Original Scent). However, the measurement marks on the inside of the cap are UNREADABLE. I've tried a variety of light sources but the dark blue plastic does not allow for enough contrast to read the marks. Other brands using a lighter color such as yellow, white or translucent are much easier to read.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother started using Tide when I was little and I have continued to do so myself. I love the way my clothes look and feel after washing. When I saw the advertisements for the new tide pods, I was excited. I love the convenience of the all in one packages. Just drop in and go. However for all its greatness, I find I am not fond of the scents you offer. Tide original would be my scent of choice. Please consider adding this to your Tide Pod line. Many people will be happy.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Another reliable and great product from Tide - now made for HE machines! I bought it in the original scent, and while I use less - it still gets my clothes clean! I've had one shirt with multiple stains, which ALL came out! The only reason it loses a star is for the price - I do wish stores and PG could find a way to lower the price!", {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tried this a couple weeks ago worked great on my kids play clothes. Finally something that does get GA clay out of clothes!!!!!!!! Just wish Tide was more afordable!', {'entities': [(141, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the product but I hate the smell. I researched this site and see that you make a HE detergent with Febreze....which I love. My family calls me the Febreze Queen. However, I have a hard time finding the HE Tide brand with Febreze in my area. I also find the HE brand expensive but necessary because I have a HE machine and wouldn't use anything else. A loyal Tide customer. NEEDING THE FEBREZE SCENT!!!! :-)", {'entities': [(212, 216, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family goes camping freauently and we always bring Tide PODS with us. It's convenient for packing and taking on the go.", {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't think Tide could come out with anything bad, I loved the pods the only thing is I wish they would come out with something similar to the Purex sheets that have the fabric softner included as well, that would be perfect! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used Tide all my adult life. stoped using for awile, ie seamed to smell funny, moldy, had new washer. I asked a few friends. all agreed. tried pods much better no bad smell. will stick with pods. thank you tide....', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband prefers his clothes to have a nice smell to them when they are laundered. Tide Pod was able to easily clean his construction work clothes and provide a pleasant smelling experience for him. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(85, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have Fibromyalgia and RA. I like using the Tide Pods because they are so light to pick up, it causes me less pain than if I were to have to pick up a heavy bottle of detergent.', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't usually use Tide but must admit I love how the Pod cleaned and the ease of use. However, I am extremely sensitive to scents and hope Tide comes out with an unscented Pod.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I find Tide cleans the best of all the detergents I have tried. It cleans good and is one of the few detergents I have found with the HE ingridient..', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide Pods and used it to wash a load of laundry. The scent was pleasant and the clothes were clean. Definitely easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('bought a bag of Tide Pods and was surprised. They lasted longer then the liquid as they are pre-measured and cleaned just as well as regular tide.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The great stuff: Cleans very well. (better than regular Tide he) low suds rinses nice. The not so great stuff: It's very funny that the thing I complain most about in detergents, is now a problem in reverse. I always hate the smells of most detergents. WAY too heavy and flowery. NOW with the Pods,(Mystic Forrest) this is not the case and I think they could use MORE smell to them. Clothes come out super clean, but smell a bit sour and after you dry them, it's like 'eeh'. I hope Tide is reading these because I really, really, really hope they are going to come out with the Original scent liquid tide he flavor in these Pods. The other problem is that the pods don't dissolve THAT fast. And almost every time the darn pod gets on the bellow and then sits there. So I have to come back to that machine, stop it. open it up and push the pod off. I've now been putting it in a sock, or wadding a towel up with the pod in the center. Overall, I like them and will continue to buy them for the great cleaning job. Bought some fabric softener to get a better smell. Thanks Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide HE since I bought my new Whirlpool front loader 4 years ago. Most recently I have been using Tide HE with Downy. I have been very satisfied with both the washer and the Tide products, EXCEPT for one thing. That is, as I unfortunately just discovered this morning, that the packaging and labeling for Tide HE and regular Tide is so similar that it is easy to pick up the wrong type by mistake. I am now in the process of extra rinse cycles and washer cleaning cycles to get rid of all the suds. Believe me, you do NOT want to use regular detergent in a machine designed for HE detergent. I am hoping the grocery store will let me exchange this bottle for the HE. Please take a look at packaging and labeling that will help to distinguish the detergents. The bottles are the same size, shape and color and the labeling is fairly subtle as well. As I can see from other posts, I am not the first to make this somewhat costly and time consuming mistake. This is the only reason I am awarding Tide 4 stars instead of 5. When I see a satisfactory change, I'll be back and give you the 5th star. Thank you.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For those thought stains and smells that sometimes are though to get out this soap is the best. I work in a kitchen and I have to use Tide on my clothes. Totally recommend.', {'entities': [(134, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is Tide, you either like it or you don't.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods. The only real complaint that I have is that they do not fully dissolve in hot or cold water. Also, I can't just drop them in the wash. While I do love how clean my clothes get after using the pods, I have had to make some adjustments to use them. I always dissolve a pod fully in a cup of hot water and then add it to the laundry water. Then I add the clothes. There are no problems after that. For those who complain that the pods are a clumpy mess in the package, my advice is don't reach into the container with wet hands. They dissolve in water so of course they are going to stick together if you introduce water into the package. Other than that I have no complaints. No staining, just clean great smelling clothes.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Overall when the POD is used with a washer with one fill only for the Wash Cycle, the Tide POD does an excellent job - colors are bright, whites are very white. HOWEVER - when placing a POD in an HE Washer with an electronic load water level system (no low water, medium, High Extra High) the water cycles many times and the POD is washed out the Washer before the actual wash cycle starts. To get the right amount of soap you have to put the POD in the Washer at the beginning of the Wash Cycle as the auto soap loader overflows when the POD is placed in (POD plugs drain into washer and overflows on floor. Sorry Great idea but not well thought out. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(86, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think that the techonology is a great thing. I am sure that the product works as it suggests. I have not noticed a big difference, but our family is not a big stain producer family. I think that the smell though is what gets me. I like the April Fresh smell of the orignal Tide. But, my husband's military clothing are not allowed to have downey in them. (my favorite). However I am sensitve to other brands, so I can not change brands. My question to send out to Tide is: Can we please have the original back on the shelves without the Acti-lift Or is this just my stores here around me Thank you for a great product!", {'entities': [(275, 279, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Convenient product that did a great job at getting some tough soiled clothes very clean. Just threw it in my HE washer and walked away, no measuring, no splashing, no anything! The product has a light scent which I didn't mind at first smell, but after wearing a shirt all day, I decided it was too much for me. I usually buy Tide laundry products but the scent free kind. If Tide introduced a scent free Pod, I would have no hesitation in using because it did a great job! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(326, 330, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is my regular laundry detergent and we usually purchase the regular scent as well as Tide Free for use on our baby's laundry. I love the convenience of the Tide Pods that we purchased however, as a busy mother of an infant, I find myself wishing that the Pods were available in the fragrance and dye free formulation that is available in the liquid detergent. We do LOTS of baby laundry in our house and the convenience of the Pods would be great in the fragrance/dye free formula...especially when laundry is being started while holding the baby!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I grew up on Tide and as my Mother did, I too only use Tide Products. My only complaint about the Pods we're that I found they we're either sticking together, or the machinery used in making them easy to pull apart was not working properly on the batch I had bought. This resulted in my self having to use any where from 2 to 4 of the Pods in a single load. My clothes are beautiful, but no so great on the pocketbook. Maybe you could look into this problem, either way I will continue to use Tide as it is the only detergent for my family.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband I both LOVE the Tide Pods! They are so convenient and it takes the measuring out and makes it easier than ever to wash your clothes We still have the fresh crisp smell of Tide but the convenience stepped it up a notch! The one thing we did not like is the fact that they are all individually packaged. The plastic, as we all know is not environmentally friendly. Do they have to be packaged like that That is why we rate the Pods a 4 instead of a 5! GREAT JOB TIDE! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I find it nearly impossible to read how full the measuring cap is after its color was changed to dark blue, which coincidentally is almost the same color as the detergent. The product used to have a silver cap and I could easily see how much detergent I was using. I'm a born sceptic, so I tend to assume the worst, i.e. Tide changed the color of the top to increase product usage. Change it back to silver and all will be forgiven.", {'entities': [(321, 325, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received this 1 sample of Tide original pod with purchased item. With using one pod could complete medium loaded as well as I expected.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son's wife had bought the new Tide Pod (stain remover etc) she had asked me if I had ever tried it and I told her no, so she gave me a few samples. I loved it. Clothes smelled good, clean, and bright. I start my cycle, throw the pod in first, clothes and walk away. I have recommended to others. Will continue to buy", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm satisfied with the cleaning ability of the product (100 fl oz Tide Original Scent). However, the measurement marks on the inside of the cap are UNREADABLE. I've tried a variety of light sources but the dark blue plastic does not allow for enough contrast to read the marks. Other brands using a lighter color such as yellow, white or translucent are much easier to read.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am very impressed with Tide Pods! They make my clothes smell amazing. My husband is a truck driver and they are perfect for traveling. I only gave 4 stars because they take a while to dissolve in cold water, but I haven't had any problems with them so far. Either way, I will always buy Tide products. Tide Loads of Hope really helped my state during the aftermath of the April 2011 tornadoes. Thank you Tide!", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE Tide HE in the Original Scent. Nothing else on the market smells so good. It's not overpowering like most other detergents. Cleans everything, every time. My only gripe, and it has been since the day Tide HE came out, is that it is way too sudsy. Even with 4 rinses in my machine, there are still suds left. I wish PG would reformulate the product to provide less suds!", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pod is convenient but pricy per load compared to the liquid detergent. Tide cleans well and smells great!', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Performed as good as regular Tide, but nothing special that I could observe about the Turbo. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a high efficiency washer, and I only use Tide that is marked HE', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved this product, cleaned perfectly, I am not in love with the scent. I love the Tide original scent I wish this product had that scent This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife uses Tide detergent in liquid form but I like the ease of this product.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide(HE), ALL(HE), Kirkland(HE)...... Belive me, Tide is the best, But it is most expensive than others.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the simplicity of the Tide Pods. I have just opened my second package of 90 pods. Clothes come out very clean and smell fresh. Every once in a while the pod does not disolve completely and becomes stuck (securley glued) to the clothing. If this problem can be solved a would gladly give the pods 5 Stars.', {'entities': [(36, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was pleasantly surprised. My clothes smelled cleaner than they did using Oxyclean and original Tide detergent.', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these Pods! Throw 'em in, throw the clothes in and go! Clothes come out clean fresh. They are a no - brainer. I'll have to go check the different scents at the store but I wish they came with the Febreze Spring Renewal scent, my favorite (hint, hint). I'd give 5 stars for the Febreze scent -) I'm definitely going to get the big jug of these. Great Idea, Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(363, 367, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a rental property we do alot of laundry, Tide just seems to do a proper job of cleaning everything we throw into our He washer. I recommend Tide and display Tide in our common area for our renters to see that we only use the best. Thank You, NeonBorax', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide(HE), ALL(HE), Kirkland(HE)...... Belive me, Tide is the best, But it is most expensive than others.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide laundry detergent since my children have been little ones. They are now grown and also use Tide for their laundry. I use the one with a touch of Downy. Love it!!!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. A year or so back I emailed with my disappointment on the new size of your dispenser bottle as it no longer fit in the cabinet above my washer. I had to refill another brand of detergents bottle with my Tide which was inconvient. Today as I walked down the aisle I saw the bottle seemed shorter so I bought one and IT FITS AGAIN.. This saves me from refilling bottles Thank you I appreciate less work even though I would not stop using Tide it has become more convient again.', {'entities': [(234, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE Turbo Clean detergent is superior to the other detergents I have used. I am beyond happy, thank you for making doing wash so much easier.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample in the mail and greatly appreciated the opportunity to try one of my favorite laundry product. When I pulled out my first batch of laundry, I was pleasantly surprised. It seemed brighter and softer. After drying, it seemed to have less wrinkles. I thought maybe it was my imagination but the next day my son came over and did some of his laundry. He also remarked as to it seeming to be cleaner and asked if I had a new detergent that I had put into the Tide bottle. I laughed and told him it was a sample I received in the mail. I will be using Tide routinely in the future.', {'entities': [(474, 478, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved this product that I received free from Tide. Even on quick wash all the dirt and stains came out of my kids clothes!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a first time Mom I thought I had to switch to expensive baby detergents.... I found myself missing the good old tide standby! On my second child, I just kept using tide.... and never had any problems with sensitive skin or rash! Tide is my standby :)', {'entities': [(232, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for years and recently bought a new Energy Efficient machine. I absolutely love the new Tide HE liquid. It takes such a small amount of detergent and my clothes are so clean. I have never been happier with Tide, or any other product for that matter.. I highly recommend Tide HE Liquid for the new Energy Efficient machine.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used regular tide for many years. I now have a new washer and dryer and have changed to the Tide HE detergent. Am real satisfied with that too. However, I have always soaked my whites and want to continue to do so. But I don't know how to do this with this new machine.", {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just recently got a HE washing machine, and my mom recommended the cheap stuff like Purex because the machine was not cheap at all. I used it, and disliked the wretched smell that it left on my clothes. I then saw Tide HE Powder in the store, and fell in love with the smell. I dont like the smell of the Liquid Tide, but the powder is phenominal, and my clothes smell wonderful, and I dont ever have to worry about finding a decent laundry detergent again! The Tide Creaters are genius', {'entities': [(216, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ilove tide grew up with tide as a child.So as the years and tide have changed so have I .Irelly enjoy how it Tide keeps up with the times.IT is refreshing to seeall the latest improvements over the years .IT RELLY HAS KEPT UP WITH THE TIME.S. KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB', {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes have the best scent you could ever ask for, the scent of CLEAN..Even a week later when you open a drawer, all you get is the fresh scent of Tide.Tide cleans the first time, no having to re-wash clothes because there are stains, and that is a time saver.', {'entities': [(151, 155, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased a HE washer last year and started using the Tide HE Cold Water detergent. I have been using tide for many years and have found it to be the best at removing stains without removing color from my clothes. I especially like the clean, fresh scent on our clothes. The price is great compared to other brands and I found it very economical since I started using the HE product. Keep up the good work and Please! Don't change the scent on this product!!!!", {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I rarely go out for anything, so I was nervous about doing my laundry outside our home. I paced several Tide pods in a zip lock and ended up sharing them with everyone. It got you some new customers and calmed my nerves. It really is an excellent product.', {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I live in a condo with a community laundry and have to walk to it. This makes my load a lot lighter. But most of all Tides pods cleans and brightens all of my wash. After one 66 wash load container I will always use these. The best product I have ever used.', {'entities': [(117, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for over 30yrs, My mother always uses Tide I have never had a problem getting my clothes clean with this detergent. I will never change detergents.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This was my first time using Tide Pods. The are the best thing ever. I loved the fresh clean scent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS are a great value for the number of PODS you can receive in one container.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I wash my clothes at the local laundromat and when I saw the Tide Pods at the store they were easier than lugging around those heavy bottles of detergent and stain remover!! I brought with me how every many pods I needed and my fabric softener! So easy!', {'entities': [(61, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide. I have tried other detergents and nothing comes close to Tide. My clothes always come out smelling clean and fresh. I also like that you are always coming out with new items.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Easy and mess free, can't say just how many times I've spilled and waisted the liquid. Wish Tide He was a bit stronger for our dirty farm work clothes. I love the ease of the Pods, have looked for them in our local store but did not find. I will purchase when I see them. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(92, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love buying my big jug of TIDE because I only have to buy it every other month. Tide works the best to clean our dirty clothes and they always come out FRESH and CLEAN.', {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Clothes look very clean ,,,not visible stains was seen on my daughter's white top(uniform) Scent was awesome and fresh. Definitely will be purchasing Tide Pods", {'entities': [(150, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide all of my adult life and now with the Tide Pods, it just makes doing laundry a little easier and quicker! The pods are so economical and leave my clothes smelling fresh and clean. I always have someone asking me what detergent I use because they can smell the clean on my clothing! Love them!!!', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband noticed immediately that I had used a different laundry soap. He loves the long lasting scent. I love the super cleaning power in the little pod. It seems a little expensive but it's worth the money as it has a stain remover and brightener as well as detergent. Thank you Tide for an amazing product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(283, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The New Tide Pods are great!!! I already loved TIDE products now I have fallen in love completely for the second time... I would do it all over again! Loving itt... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am so happy this product is finally here!! I accidentally used Tide Boost as a laundry detergent when it first came out. When I realized that Boost was not detergent I thought why don't they make detergent in pacs like this I haven't even used the Pods yet, but hey, they're a Tide product, so 5 Stars!!!", {'entities': [(65, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('No more guessing or messes. Pick up the Tide Pod Detergent pod and drop it in the washer. Cleaning up detergent drips and cleaning detergent trays are a thing of the past. I save so much money because I can buy exactly enough for the month of washing. No more running out to the store because someone used too much or dropped the bottle. Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These are the best. I already use liquid soap. But, when I received my free pod in the mail. It made my laundry much easier. So, light, I don't have to haul the big bottle. I am very happy with my laundry result. I purchased the Pods. It will be a great help when traveling. I won't have to buy a bottle of Tide and not finish using it. Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(307, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband is a Dirt boy in the Air Force. The title explains his job perfectly because he gets his uniforms very dirty throughout the day and the best detergent i've found to clean up his mess is Tide original! It keeps his uniforms clean and smelling good. Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(197, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried other laundry detergents, but I always go back to Tide. I would give it an overall rating of excellent. I do no have to pretreat my clothes . They always come out great. It's nice to have at least one thing in your life that you don't have to worry about! .", {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a 3rd generation Tide user. After trying Pods my clothes were clean, smelled fresh, were softer! No measuring or spills! I converted my Mother to Tide Pods after using Tide powder for 50 years!", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was pleasantly surprised in how much cleaner my clothes were after using the pods vs. regular liquid Tide Detergent. The pods are so much easier to use, I tend to have drips from the laundry detergent end up on my washing machine. This will not happen anymore using the pods. Thank you Proctor Gamble for developing such a wonderful product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got a free sample of the Tide Pods and I love them. An quick and easy way to add detergent/softener etc. in one pod! It keeps the clothes looking like new also! I will continue to use these for my laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was hesitant at first to buy this product, because it seemed expensive. However, it has brought back to life several shirts that could not be worn due to stains! Tide Pods got the old, dryer set stains out! To say the least I was very impressed. So, it has more than paid for itself. I also like the fact that it saves me time, as there is no measuring!', {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was trying to save money by using an off brand but soon realized I made a big mistake! Tide is the only detergent that cleaned my husband's work clothes and left a clean smell too. He noticed the difference right away when I started using Tide again. I am a Tide user from now on.", {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We love TIDE PODS, have been using them for years. Tide is hands down the best detergent out there and it smells amazing! I love when someone asks me how I get my laundry to smell so good!', {'entities': [(51, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Although I am a devoted Tide user, I was really skeptical when I first tried this product because I wasn't convinced the pod would dissolve in cold water. Let me tell you - it DOES! My clothes came out beautiful, clean and smelling great. I am looking forward to switching over to Pods completely and even more so to an easy laundry routine. Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the perfect choice. The Tide Pod sample was really convenient by tossing it in the washer. What more could you want then the detergent, stain remover and brightener in one. I do believe the clothes I washed were brighter and the stains I had on some of the clothes came out. If they sale for a reasonable price I will be using them to do my wash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used the stain release pods with my Tide since they were introduced. This new POD brings together my Tide and my stain-fighter for the easiest washer setup ever. A time-saver that leaves my laundry TIDE FRESH---that's a champ in my book! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My wife thought trying Tide Pods was a joke due to its small size. I however know that Tide is our go-to brand. When the sample arrived I threw the pod in with my whites and hoped for the best. I let my wife fold the laundry this load and laughed when she admitted that the laundry looked brighter. Thank you Tide for the update on laundry and we have picked up a box already. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently bought a new front loading washer dryer. Tide Pods has made the laundry chore so simple. Toss in a pod....throw in your clothes....press start. I don't need to use dryer sheets anymore. My clothes smell so good. Thanks Tide!!!", {'entities': [(52, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Tide detergent. Nothing else I have ever tried works as good as Tide does. My favorite scent is the Clean Breeze. It is so refreshing and light.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Tide Pods, it is a great buy and before I started using the Pods I was not using it as much and I will continue as long as they make it. It is simple, if you use it the way it is described and it dissolves perfectly. Place it in the bottom of the washer before you put your clothes in and zoom, it is working. It is not messy, I hope they continue manufacturing it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It was very nice of you to send this sample. Tide Pods are all I use and I have tried other scents besides the original that I really like as well. Thank you!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thank you for the best thing you ever made. My husband doesn't tolerate the strong smells from most laundry detergent and I hate a scentless one. So since he loves Tide that is what we buy. I love that this makes it so easy! Keep up the good work on the pods! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(164, 168, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Awesome concept. I love it. It's easy and fast. I just start my washer, toss in the pod, put my laundry in the washer and voila! No powder residue, no heavy bottles to lift, no unhappy me!! My clothes smell look fresh and clean. Keep up the great work Tide!", {'entities': [(252, 256, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family's been Tide fans since I was a kid. My Mom used Tide and passed down the helpful resource to me. I've been using Tide products for about 35 years! Tide with Acti-Lift technology is one of my favorites! It really does lift the stains off! I'd recommend anyone try it and compare it to the brand you normally use.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am currently serving in the United States Army and with that I work hard and play hard. So my uniforms go through quite a beatin'. I love the new Tide Pods - they're perfect for my lifestyle, I want to get laundry done fast, and get it done right. Plus they're perfect for when I have to go to the field and/or deployment - they don't burst open. mold or break. I love them. Thanks again.", {'entities': [(148, 152, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great Product! It is perfect for a busy working family. I can always count on Tide PODS to do there job while I am doing mine.', {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for years and have always been happy with the results.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Waited until I washed my husbands white dress shirts that he wears to work to write this review. I thought that would be the ultimate test. I usually leave the black sleeve cuffs sleeves soaking with dawn for a couple of days before washing. I just these in the washer with acti-lift and they are white. Thanks Tide!', {'entities': [(311, 315, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Clean Breeze scent for about 4 years and it is the only thing I will use. It not only cleans my clothes but, leaves behind a nice fresh smelling scent that lasts until I wash the garment again.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a Tide person. I almost always use Tide products in my home. I have seen these pod versions of laundry detergent and I was unsure of the quality. I've tried another brand of pods and I did not feel like my clothes came out of the washer clean. I figured that I would try my trusted brand-Tide. The Tide pods come packaged in a fun container. It was so easy to just throw one pod in and be done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was very impressed with the Tide Pods. Though I don't find pouring detergent all that hard, it really was nice to just pop the Pod in and go. And my clothes came out very clean. I have 3 young children who end up with who knows what on their clothes and the entire load was spotless! Plus the smell was fantastic. I'm not usually fond of scented detergents but the Pod made my clothes smell great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently purchased a HE Front-Load washer, and I had used the powder version of Tide previously, and I just didn't like it as much. The liquid version of Tide is great! I have tried both scents, and the Original Scent is the best in my opinion. It has a very fresh and clean scent, and it makes your clothes smell great! The product cleans clothes wonderfully. Would highly recommend this product!", {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have found this product to keep my clothes clean and fresh. With three kids who are constantly staining their clothes, Tide HE Turno Clean never disappoints. I was also impressed with the small amount that I used had so much power. I will definitely continue using this product and recommend it to family and friends', {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love my concentrated Tide. It doesn't take a lot to do a wonderful job on our laundry. From my most delicate of intimates to the tough oil and grease stains in my husbands work clothes, it takes care of everything.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was pretty wary of this little Pod to do a whole load, with some pretty stained and dirty clothing in it. We are dog trainers so get a lot of grass and animal stains in our clothing. Tide Pods not only cleaned ALL the stains but brightened my load. I am not one to write a lot of reviews but I would recommend this to my friends. It works as Tide claims even on set in stains, and that truly surprised me. Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(185, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved the new Tide Pods! I used one in a hot water cycle for a load of towels and I must say it worked great! I have a high efficiency washing machine and had no problems with the pod, which was excellent. The towels came out smelling very fresh also. I would definitely use this product again though not exclusively. I would still buy the Tide liquid detergent for smaller loads that I wouldn't need an entire pod for. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Absolutly Love The Tide Original Scent It Cleans Great And Smells Great To...I Also Love To Use The Downy April Fresh With It As Well Keep These Items In My Area Cuz Its The Only Detergent And The Only Softner I Will Buy :)', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The product performs just as describes. I was delighted with the results. Thank you Tide!!! What a peas urge using this product. No Mess and great outcome', {'entities': [(84, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are great for the clothes and easy to use.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had been using All HE and when I had gotten some stains on my white sheets I was so upset because I didn't think they'd come out. I washed them in bleach and All and 3 washes later the stains were still visible. We bought Tide HE and I washed my sheets yesterday morning with bleach and Tide HE, and poof! the stains were gone! Just goes to show you that it works wonders. This product is amazing!", {'entities': [(224, 228, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical at first as to why use Tide Pods. After using the sample i recieved i am a total believer and user of this product now. It makes the laundry task simple, just start the washer..throw in a pod and be done with the cleanest, freshest and brightest laundry result. I am also happy that it is good for our eco system as less plastic jugs to fill up our landfills. Very impressed and hopefully the world catches on! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always Tide as my mother did. I extremely enjoy the pods. It makes it so easy and quick.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods Original they are easy to use they are great if you have sensitive skin. Tide Pods Original is safe on my skin and never had any problems.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother uses Tide, all my 5 siblings use Tide. The cleaning power is unsurpassed. I will pass this generational info down to my children and grandchildren. I love and trust it and the tide pen is a got to have everywhere you go.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the turbo clean recently when I received it from Tide to sample for free. I use original and coldwater Tide regularly before this. My clothes seemed to be cleaner and softer after using HE Turbo Tide. Even my husband commented that his white shirt looked whiter after using it on the quick cycle of our washer and he never notices laundry! I would purchase this product next time I shop.', {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods! I no longer have to deal with messy liquid detergents or powders, that's a bonus. They do an awesome job keeping our clothes clean and bright, without having to use any treatments - unless it's a bad stain :) IMO, Tide Pods save me time and money, since there's nothing to spill or treat. I've tried them in my old standard washer as well as my new high efficiency machine with awesome results in both. Recommend!", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am very pleased with Tide Pods. This product appears to work exactly as advertised. My laundry smells fresh and cleans after each wash. The stain remover works well. I've had trouble with liquid detergents getting clothes clean in my he washer. Tide Pods go directly in the washer bowl and dispenses accurately for a very clean and fresh look and feel. The only negative aspect of Tide Pods is the relatively high price. Thank You", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't tried product yet but intend to on next wash cycle. I grew up using Tide detergent so I'm excited to try this product instead of powder.", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is pricey but worth the extra money. Have used Tide for a long, long time. The Tide Acti-Lift is great! Yes, it cost more but the results are fabulous, grease and grass stains are history. Thanks, Tide for a good product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Let me start by sharing with you how much I pride myself in my laundry skills that I have developed over the 40+ years that I have been doing laundry. I am an extremely satisfied Tide Original consumer and have been for many years. My family has always and continues to receive compliments on how well their clothing looks and smells. Although, I needed to make some necessary adjustments to transition myself to using my HE washer. After having made the adjustments, I can tell you that I am a fan of HE washers and LOVE MY TIDE ORIGINAL SCENT HE LAUNDRY DETERGENT!!! Tide is a reliable product that I depend upon for great results. I like that I get my desired results without exception. I do have one concern to post here: Can someone share with me as to... Where I may purchase the Tide with color safe bleach HE Original I have yet to see it in the stores and have been adding another HE colorsafe bleach into my Tide HE Detergent for my loads that need the boost. (Whites that cannot be bleached, etc) A helpful tip about front load washers: My machine just happens to have a very convenient specific cycle used to periodically clean the washer. This works great and so my washer remains fresh/ brand new. If your HE washer does not have this feature then you will simply need to run an empty cycle through with just bleach (no detergent), wipe down your machine and leave your door open to air out. If you periodically adapt this simple routine it will resolve any potential odor problems BEFORE they are able to start leaving you to enjoy your investment for years.', {'entities': [(179, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually buy the big bottle of tide but this time I bought the Tide Pods to give them a shot especially since times are a little tough right now. Im happy I did :) The product does its job and your clothes come out clean and smelling great! No spills or messes to worry about. Just pop them in and your all set and ready to go!', {'entities': [(64, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod which I received in the mail provided a quick solution to washing a load of laundry on my first morning off. I work permanent nights, 12 hrs shifts, so my first morning off is usually tough to get started on chores. But with the Tide Pod, I was able to get laundry started quickly and without any detergent mess. Also, as an added bonus, the load of clothes that I had washed with the Tide Pod came out smelling fresh. Thank You Tide!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a college student, I'm constantly looking for more efficient ways of doing things. With Tide PODS doing my laundry isn't an inconvenience anymore.", {'entities': [(91, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I start to use the Tide Pods from the first time I saw it in the Store. IS THE BEST, easy to use, Great quality, and there are variety to choose.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Spring Meadow Tide Pods and threw it in with a load of towels. It smells great, cleaned the dirt out of my white kitchen towels, and the scent worked well with my outdoor fresh dryer sheets and fresh scent fabric softener. It's easy to use and I see myself buying a box of pods next visit to the store. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having raised two country boys, had most of the baseball team, and half of the football team here. I frequently had to do ground in dirt and grass stains and I would use nothing else but Tide then. With 12 grandchildren occasionally visiting and my husband being still out working outside (dirt, grease, oil) and with my gardening,I still will not change. I wandered once but came back running!!!!!!', {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I saw the ad on tv today and knew this was what my life needed, no mess laundry soap. Knowing I can trust Tide I went to the store and came home with the pods. They smell great and work great as well. I am hooked, now the kids will not spill soap all down the side of the bottle and will not over pour either. Thank you for such a super product.', {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide costs way to much for the too little amount as I was comforters blankets,mattress pads and linens for starters then you've all the heavy jeans sweat shirts and sweat pants then we get into just clothes and towels! I can't afford to buy a size bottle to do all that i need it for! it seems there's never enough and it cleans the best! I really like tide it cleans better than any other detergent!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this ever since it came out and I love it. I've not had any issues with the pack not dissolving completely(as previously stated). My clothes look great and smell wonderful. The pods make laundry so easy even my Husband and Son (he's 19) have started pitching in a little more. Thanks Tide for making my life a little easier. D", {'entities': [(300, 304, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will not use any other laundry soap. Tide has proven itself time and again. Our clothes look great and I have gotten compliments on the scent. I swear by it!', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes have the best scent you could ever ask for, the scent of CLEAN..Even a week later when you open a drawer, all you get is the fresh scent of Tide.Tide cleans the first time, no having to re-wash clothes because there are stains, and that is a time saver.', {'entities': [(151, 155, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thanks to Tide Pods we had a no mess vacation. We always take along our detergent usually bottle and usually it makes a mess. With the Tide Pods we just grabbed what we needed and didn't have to be worried about the container opening and spilling on everything.Plus to top it off our clothes came out spot free and beautifully scented. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My son works in a fast food restaurant and his clothes are grease stained and smelly. The Tide pods Spring Meadow actually removed the grease stains and the fried food odor is gone. Thanks Tide!', {'entities': [(90, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The ultimate test is 'whites', this pod passed with flying colors. What better test than a teenagers white socks and undershirts Love that all 3 products needed to wash whites are included. An extra plus for me is that Tide PODS can be used in HE machines. Genius, thank you. Will continue to use Tide PODS. Congrats to Tide, always making our lives easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(219, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought the new Tide Pods today. Not only are they cute (always important). They work great-especially if you have to haul your laundry to laundry room and don't want to lug a container of detergent with you. My laundry smelled and looked lovely and clean and I didn't have to hang around to put in all the products (went to the gym instead). Thanks Tide Pods", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are a very busy household. Working parents with two little kids, a dog, and two cats there is always something that needs to be cleaned. Thank goodness I tried Tide HE Turbo Clean. I can wash my laundry in half the time, knowing it will come out clean and smelling great, and be able to get back to the family fun. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(163, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods Detergent is the best idea that any company has come up with. It dissolves so quickly and cleans so well, just like you would expect, fromTide. Since you can use it in all types of washing machines, any household will enjoy the convenience of the Tide Pods. I love Tide, and the Tide Pods are just another great product from the Tide company. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Spring Meadow Tide emitted a lovely, clean smell to my clothes. Not only did my clothes smell wonderful, but it also left my grandchildren's clothes stain free and fresh.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work with the public in the food industry. We're required to wear white long-sleeved shirts because of health regulations. I'm always getting tough food stains and ground in dirt on the cuffs and sleeves. I've bought almost every laundry soap out there. Nothing worked. Tide was the only thing that got them all out, plus the old set in stains. My clothes look like new again. I love the smell and softness of the Tide with Downey. Thanks, Tide!", {'entities': [(272, 276, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used tide and no other detergent for the last 16 years, so when pods came out I could'nt wait to use them, they are the greatest!! the portion sizes helped my family save money as my husband never measured the liquids. Last year I took pods on a cruise vacation to do my laundry, and since I went with a group, I shared my pods with 2 other families, they are now Tide Pod families.", {'entities': [(378, 382, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the Tide Febreze Acti-lift at the store the other day without even noticing the ActiLift, but I certainly noticed when I washed my clothes! This detergent is SO amazing! It removed stains from my clothing AND from my sons' clothing - which is saying a LOT! They are constantly playing in the dirt, grass, climbing trees, etc. and their clothes are like they were when I purchased them! I absolutely LOVE this product!! Thanks TIDE!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recieved a sample of this in the mail and tried it. I had beach towels stained with tanning oil. This product worked great getting them clean and smelling very fresh. I will buy this product again. I've known for years that Tide works great. We had a house fire 20 years ago and had a lot of clothes that weren't burned but were covered in black greasy soot and reeked of smoke. Tide was the only detergent that removed the soot and the smell.", {'entities': [(226, 230, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have learned how to use Tide HE and Tide Stain Release products with my new Electrolux front loading washer. I am happy to report that I have no problems removing stains (together they work better than bleach!), clothes look brighter/whiter and I can use these products on any fabric. The fragrance was very strong at first but I found that by adjusting the amount of Tide HE used or adding an extra rinse, the fragrance can be minimized. I have always trusted Tide products.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have now used an entire large container of this product and I can honestly say I LOVE IT!! I have a new front loading washer and with liquids I always have the issue of the left over in the cup. I tried the powders but was surprised by the fact that it cost more and how you have to search for the HE on the box because unlike the liquids that mostly are HE, the powders are not. I love just tossing in the product, no mess! I have not had a single incident with my clothes either. Thank you Tide.', {'entities': [(494, 498, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After reading many negative reviews I was skeptical of how my laundry would turn out using Tide Pods, and I must say I was very satisfied that many of those negative reviews were wrong...very wrong! I have had no problem with them whatsoever. I have twin 3 year olds who keep my busy ALL day so knowing I can just pop a pod in the laundry and keep going is incredible. I have tried all three scents and I will admit that the mystic forest scent is pretty bad, and I wont be using that one again, but the spring meadow scent is WONDERFUL! My clothes come out clean and smell like heaven :)', {'entities': [(91, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just finished writing a poor review for the coldwater powder but I had to at least say that liquid Tide has really impressed me because my clothes come out softer than any other detergent. Perhaps it's because it leaves less soap residue than others to get all crusted in the dryer. And my clothes SMELL clean enough. Many cloth diapering moms swear by Tide to get the cleanest result for their diapers which are obviously going to be touching the most sensitive parts of a baby's body. Anyway, great product. Not too keen on the other frangrance choices, but what are you gonna do", {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Growing up the only washing detergent that I ever saw 80 percent of the time was TIDE...and so that is the detergent that I use too...now when I noticed a new cap on Tide, and it said Acti lift....I really didn't think that it would be any different than before, nevertheless, I purchased the original w/ Acti lift and noticed that it got All...I mean All of the dirt and oily stains out of my husband's work clothes, w/o a booster added. I will absolutely buy this Tide from now on.", {'entities': [(166, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product for free, but honestly it's the best detergent I've ever used. I live in a house of 4 that means a LOT of laundry. I've always loved Tide, but the fact that it gives a good sud, which I need to feel like my clothes are cleaned, without creating so many suds that my washer would be stuck on 10 minutes for 30 minutes is frigging awesome. I can finish laundry in no time now. As stated, I received this for free, but I'm definitely going to buy this product as long as they make it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(157, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After checking the price of Tide Original at my local supermarkets, Soap.com, and Amazon, I went to walmart.com to see what they were offering. To my amazement, not only was their price for the 100 ounce containers less than half of the next lowest price, but they also threw in free shipping. I bought 5. The box was so heavy that it had taped seams when it arrived. You just can't do any better.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cleans better than even Tide ColorGuard.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using Tide Pods when I went to college because I loved the idea of not having to carry a heavy bottle of detergent around with me and could instead just grab a pod and go. So far it has been the best decision I ever made. I just throw it in with my laundry and never have to worry about measuring or the mess of liquid. They leave my clothes smelling fresh and looking clean. I also know exactly how many loads I have left to the pack instead of trying to get a rough idea of when I need to go shopping for laundry detergent again- which as a college student can be a hassle to do, now I just count how many pods I have left and shop when I'm down to about 3 or 4. I have recommended these to everyone I know and so far the ones who have tried it love it also, especially my friends from school. If you've never tried them please please please do so they will save you a lot of time and hassle and you WON'T regret it at all. Also if you want to send me a free sample for those I recommend it to that would be GREAT! Thanks!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other laundry detergents but always go back to Tide because I can rely on it to get my laundry clean.', {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After trying other less expensive brands, I came right back to Tide! It takes less detergent and does a much better job than the lower cost detergents. Tide is a high quality detergent that you can count on!', {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on Tide products it has always been a staple in my family. Today I put liquid Tide to the test by attempting to remove years of stubborn oil stains on my driveway. I have had a car with a major oil leak, left it parked on the driveway for a year before getting rid of it. It left behind an ugly oil slick on the driveway. I was able to remove the slick portion of the stain with commercial driveway cleaners, but it never got rid of the permanent black stain it left behind until I decided to pour some liquid Tide on it. I let it soak in for about 15 minutes, and then rinsed with a high power hose. It miraculously worked. Once the drive way was dry, I could begin to see the blackness disappear. I treated this stain twice this way with positive results. The third time, I used a scrub brush with the Tide to get the last of it clean and I have no black stains anymore. Makes me wish I took before and after pictures. Thank you Tide.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod is very easy and convenient for anyone to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide. Super easy to use. Great for taking on trips. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are easy to use - no measuring and no clean-up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are so easy to use, no measuring needed! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using Tide I am impressed at how well it cleans.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are awesome. I called all my family and friends and told them about this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE gives my laundry the clean freshness I want.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('use Tide regularly, just love tide pods it worked great. will continue to use tide products. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I personally enjoy the ease of Pods', however I would like to see Tide Free in Pod form.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using the Tide Pods because as a college student it is easy and I do not have to worry about a big bottle and my mom loves it (and she has a front loader and no mess).', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the new Tide pods. They are so convenient. You just throw them in and forget about it. I like how they get your clothes nice and clean and are so cute and tiny. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Alot of friends said..PODS are to expensive, but I love Tide so I tried them anyway when I purchased my new washer/dryer last month. I love them, they work great and no mess!', {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was a little hesitant to try at first but I tried the New Tide Pods and I won't buy liquid anymore. My laundry smells fresh and clean and I'm very happy with the results!!!", {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The new Tide Pods are a great help to making the chore of doing laundry easier. Just drop one in and presto! You're on your way to a clean wash with no measuring or spilling! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the fact that there is the stain booster and detergent all in one! I am seriously hoping that Tide also makes this product in the Free and Gentle line! Makes laundry quiet a bit easier!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods are the newest thing out there. And for people out there who are saying that tide pods leave a gel residue after you're done washing that is a lie. Keep making tide pods and lots of them.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other detergents because of price or someone recommended them I always go back to my Tide. It cleans my clothes and leaves them smelling good!', {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of Tide Clean Breeze. It makes me think of warmer spring and summer days! Tide cleans great!', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the only detergent I can use due to several in this household breaking out from other brands. More than once I have had to clean up a mess my husband and boys have made with the liquid.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is synonymous with clean. I really love the original scent', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide and other products for many years and think that they are great. How could you improve on something that is already a great product.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love Tide Pods, they get my clothes clean and have a great smell!!', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used the Tide Pods today for the first time and was exceptionally pleased. They were super easy to use, all you do is toss them in the washer before you add your clothes. My clothes came out smelling good, feeling soft and looking brighter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the free sample of the Tide Pod in my laundry and i loved it. The Pod was easy to use and gave my clothing some TLC! I enjoyed the ease of use of the product and it's 3 in 1 action. I look forward to using this product again soon. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide, it's a great cleaner. My clothes always turn out very clean. Now they smell great, too.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide for over 40 years and I still use Tide. It is getting a bit pricey but what isn't. I don't think I'll ever switch brands. Thanks Tide.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I won't use anything but Tide! I have used it since I was first on my own. I tried others, but never cleaned good enough or someone in my family was allergic.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide Pods since they were released in this area. I follow the directions and use only cold water and have never had a problem. They are wonderful, they clean well and my clothes smell fresh and clean. I would recommend it to anyone.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got my free sample in the mail this last weekend. I did a load of laundry. I was so surprised at how bright the colors were.tired old sweatshirts came back to life. vibrant colors. The load was clean and in cold water. I love Tide pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(228, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is about time Tide did this and it is so easy to use and the same cleaning power This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for my family since I started buying laundry detergent. I have been unhappy with Tide --never! I will continue to buy Tide. My clothes and I thank you', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is a great product that works great! It's a good price for the amount of clean you get. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a fantastic product. There is absolutely positively nothing better than Tide when it comes to selecting a laundry detergent. I depend on Tide to clean my clothes in an efficient manner and to get out stains that I didn't even realized I had. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(80, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Tide. It works the best and these pods are simple, easy to use. Makes laundry simple and fast and effective. Always put any detergent in the water first, let dissolve and than put in clothes. Your laudry will come out beautiful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was surprised at the noticeable brightness that my clothes have when I use these. I really like Tide pods. Worth the money!', {'entities': [(98, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods were so easy to use, and work so well! I can't imagine ever using anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Tide Pods. They make doing laundry so much easier. Just toss one in and you are ready to go. They do a good job of getting stains out, too.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are meet all your laundry needs in one easy to use packet. The smell is awesome too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank-you for making another outstanding product. Tide Pods does everything as advertised and more. The smell is Awesome!! and as a stain remover, First Cabin!! I always tell my friends If your not using Tide, you might as well use dish soap. Thanks again, Your biggest fan. Judy This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are exactly what I need to get the laundry quickly and cleanly! With 2 kids in college, it makes getting the laundry that much faster without measuring and coming out clean is perfect!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My grandmother used Tide, as does my Mother, as do I. Its always been the best laundry detergent for as long as I can remember. Tide coming out with a high efficiency formula demonstrates that as usual, Tide is a step ahead of all of its competitors :D', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods really made a difference in my laundry. I noticed a big change in the brightness and cleanliness of my family clothes. Definitely switching my brand to Tide!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide pods are a great way to wash your clothes and not have to worry about the mess liquid sometimes leaves....like on your counter, the bottle. Plus they are easy to travel with. We went on vacation where we needed to bring our own laundry supplies and I didn't have to worry about a mess. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Loved this product. It worked well in a front loading machine. No more drippy, sticky detergent bottles! Thanks, Tide! I didn't think I could love your any more... but now, I do!", {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the new Tide pods. If there is one drawback, it is that I don't always do a full load of laundry. Sometimes I want to wash just one or two things, which would warrant less detergent. Are you considering makeing different size pods for the different size loads", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so pleased with how well this product worked, even on tough stains. I will continue to purchase the Tide PODS.', {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got one of these little Tide Pods in a package the other day, and I've used it in my last load of laundry. I like the fact that you're getting concentrated detergent and not a lot of water.", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have always used Tide and use the Original for my skin sensitivities Wouldn't dream of changing", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods. I don't think I will use anything else ever again. The only thing I do not like is the lack of scent. I do not notice a scent from the Pods themselves on my clothes. But, I am happy with how well they clean, without the mess of powder or liquid everywhere. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With Tide Pods, when I go to the laundromat I don't have to lug around this huge jug of laundry detergent, and make a mess..They're simple, fast, and easy!", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and what is better than getting to sample it. It cleans like a champ and smells wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was initially skeptical that such a tiny Tide Pods would clean my clothes as well and completely in a high-efficiency front load washer. I am here to say, THEY DO!! As an environmentally-concerned consumer, I am pleased that such a tiny product can deliver BIG results. You've got a winner here : ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love how clean and fresh my clothes are after using tide. Tide is the only brand I trust for my family's' clothing.", {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide whether it is tide pods or liquid detergent. It removes any kind of stains very well.I love the smell. Brightens the clothes.Even in India It is No.1.I highly recommend this Tide pods.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are Perfect. I just throw in one or 2 for a Super big load and Tide takes care of everything. No measuring or pouring. The Pods are Great!!!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always loved Tide products for their quality. I like the new PODS because it's super easy to just throw one in the wash without mess or measuring. They are great for travel also.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ilove tide grew up with tide as a child.So as the years and tide have changed so have I .Irelly enjoy how it Tide keeps up with the times.IT is refreshing to seeall the latest improvements over the years .IT RELLY HAS KEPT UP WITH THE TIME.S. KEEP UP THE GREAT JOB', {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You can't beat Tide!", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('New Tide Pods make laundry easy enough for me to trust my kids to do it. My clothes come out clean without the work of pretreating them first. I found my new favorite laundy soap! Thank you Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide ever since I saw NASCAR use it for an oil spill on the track. My husband is a truck driver...he sometimes comes home with so much grease from the truck I think I will never get it clean. ERA couldn't do even half as good as Tide.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These pods are great to take along on vacation or on the rare occasions I must go to the laundromat. They take up little space but still have the power of Tide.', {'entities': [(155, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As I was grocery shopping yesterday I was in the laundry isle and needed to get some detergent. The price has really gone up!! I wanted to try these Tide Pods because I have a good problem with over using liquid. I figured these pods would stop that problem and they have! They made my clothes smell amazing! I will from now on be using these new Tide Pods!!!!!!!', {'entities': [(149, 153, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been converted! While visiting my son and my daughter-in-law, I did my laundry with their Tide pods. Instantly fell in love with the scent and convenience of storage and usage. After using their Tide, I went home and switched to My Tide. I actually like my HE Machine! Thanks Tide', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have a boatload of laundry with four young children plus my husband and myself. I have been using Tide for as long as I have been doing laundry, about 20 years. It works great to get out the dirt. I have been able to pass down clothes to the younger siblings because I have kept the clothes in great shape thanks to Tide.', {'entities': [(107, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the Tide Pods. There is no mess to deal with and all measured out for you. All you have to do is pop it into the washer, It is as simple as that. No more bottles to recycle. Way to go all Tide Employes!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tried sample size bought at local grocery store. Dropped in the wash and was impressed with how clean everything was with such a small amount of detergent. Ease of use was a plus as well. Thanks Tide.', {'entities': [(195, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love this new Tide detergent that I received free from Tide. I usually use a different brand but am very happy to say that since trying this product I have become a loyal Tide user! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Pods! I thought at first it was expensive, but after using it for four months now, I have discovered my purchase is going much, much farther than liquids I was purchasing for less money. I suppose everyone overuses liquid detergent, but I had no idea how much. Thank you so much Tide for coming out with the Pods! I just wish there were more fragrances.', {'entities': [(290, 294, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hav.e used Tide for many years and thought it the best. My daughter is on a low cost budget and is able to buy only whats on sale. My grandson does his own laundry and I've bought Tide for him and he's hooked,as an unemployed college student he buys Tide when he's able and I help when I can", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I do everything, whites to blacks, delicates to rugs, using only Tide Pods and have never had a problem. My secret to success is always putting the Pod in first, then a few inches of water, then whatever is to be washed. The Pod has always dissolved completely and my laundry has been worry-free. The 90 count size is just right for me. Thanks for a great product !', {'entities': [(65, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received two free bottles of this product from Tide. I have to say this is a great detergent. It cleaned my girl's clothes the first time! Will definitely be adding this to my washing process.", {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a lifelong Tide user. Currently, I live in an apartment complex where I have to lug my laundry down two flights of stairs and into another building. It has been tough to carry my detergent and stain fighting agent along with my laundry. The pods allow me to skip carrying the big heavy bottles and still get the Tide power that I am used to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always preferred Tide for my laundry. It keeps colors the color they're suppose to be and kicks dirt out. The Pods are so simple to use-toss in , load and start washer. I HEART PODS! It's a bang for the buck.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent I use! I have had a front load washer for many years now and I always use the HE. However, I have talked to many appliance techs (I'm in the appliance business) and was told to use powder.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide detergent. I have used it for over 20 years.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been having a hard time keeping my white clothes white. They inevitably always end up looking grey and dingy. When I heard about the tide pods I was excited to try it out. With a stain treatment as well as a brightener I didn't think that I could hurt my clothes by trying. I loved the results!!! My husband and I could actually see a difference in our clothes after only one wash. It got even better with additional washes! Thank you Tide for coming up with something that works! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(442, 446, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a premature baby, so many restrictions at hand one of the restrictions was no strong scents. I had to make many changes from my body wash to my cleaning supplies however the only item that I did not have to change was my Tide detergent, strong enough to remove the tough stains but soft enough for my baby, Today I am removing milk stains and tomorrow I will be removing grass stains from his clothes! Thanks again Tide!!!', {'entities': [(227, 231, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased a HE washer last year and started using the Tide HE Cold Water detergent. I have been using tide for many years and have found it to be the best at removing stains without removing color from my clothes. I especially like the clean, fresh scent on our clothes. The price is great compared to other brands and I found it very economical since I started using the HE product. Keep up the good work and Please! Don't change the scent on this product!!!!", {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always loved Tide. It's one of the best detergents on the market! I have used it for years but stopped 4 years ago when my income was cut in half.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years. We purchased a new washer two years ago that is energy efficient and I haven't used any detergent other then Tide HE. You might think the price is high, but it isn't because you use so much less. My husband's clothes are sometimes greasy and I use Tide Stain Remover in the wash. They come out clean and fresh. It is so nice to wash our laundry and know that it is clean, fresh, and free of stains. Thanks for a wonderful product.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thought Tide would like to know how people feel about the Tide Simple Pleasures Lavender and Vanilla detergent Proctor and Gamble recently discontinued this product. If you check the internet blogs people are searching high and low for this product. It was Tide's best formula but they discontinued it for some reason. It has the most wonderful fragrance that lingers in your clothes and sheets long after they are washed. I wish they would bring it back into production and sales, It was the best laundry detergent I have ever used.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this from the first day I purchased my HE washer and dryer and I will never use another detergent, even if it is cheaper. I have two young boys and they have brought some disgusting clothes in for the challenge. So far I am not disappointed. My husband is in the Army and his uniforms also have had some horrible stains and odors. I threw in a stain remover tablet with the Tide and they came out perfectly clean looking and smelling! way to go Tide!', {'entities': [(392, 396, 'PRODUCT')]})
('To be quite honest being a man of every day means, married, but previously divorced the fact is I do laundry like a lot of men. We have a hd washer and The Tide Original you love says it all that is made for hd washers. Before that The Tide Original you love was fine for our normal washer. The fact is if you want to add sents for the public fine but keep the original, because in most cases like mine and many others I believe most people use softners and they are sented too. I grew up with TIDE and hope that will never change.', {'entities': [(156, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a wonderful product for whites. I would like to see you make some though that just has the Tide and the Stain lifter in them. I feel that the brightner fades out some of the colors.', {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved the ease of just popping the Pod in the washer..nothing to measure and the brightness of my wash was great! Have used Tide for years and this is another great product from Tide..Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(124, 128, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We loved Tide Pods at our house! They make laundry so simple! As a Mother of a high school baseball player we do lots of laundry and it works really well on the baseball dirt! Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods! They are so convenient. I love the packaging. So easy to use. You just grab one and toss it in the washer. So easy! Gets your clothes clean and makes them smell fresh.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought my HE washer a year ago and have used nothing by Tide HE in the washer since. I love it! It works great on stains and my clothes look great.', {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use tide and I love to experiment with the different types. Tide never disappoints me.', {'entities': [(67, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are great. Simple to use and my laundry came out looking fantastic. The only thing I wish is they had more of the original Tide scent to them. I love the smell of Tide original. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(129, 133, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a well system that sometimes leaves a slight odor however, when I used the Tide Pod I was amazed how clean and fresh smelling my laundry was!', {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It leaves my wash bright clean, just as regular powder Tide. It is a very respected brand of detergent which I trust will deliver.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the Tide Pods..It cleaned really well and my laundry smelled wonderful..so easy to use..Thanks! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Gets the stains out, brightens my laundry and is soooooo easy to use! Thanks, Tide.!', {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide, it is the only detergent that can get my 3 kids' clothes clean on the first try, and it smells wonderful! Even after the clothes have been in the drawer for a few days they still smell great. As a single mom, the cost is the only drawback I have, but I buy it whenever possible. I only have to use a small amount to get our clothes clean, so it does last for quite awhile.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love pods because there is very little waste. They cost a little more but I save by not overusing detergent. If dirt is heavy I do use two pods. Tide free has no perfume!', {'entities': [(147, 151, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried Tide Pods for the first time just a couple weeks ago and I am hooked! Love how it is super easy to just toss the pod into the washing machine and not have to worry about the possible mess of the liquid detergent. LOVE this product. I will defiantly be using these more often!', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide PODS work as well as Tide liquid, except I don't have to tote a heavy bottle down to the laundry room along with my clothes. I just bring as many as I need! They are also great for travel.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These new Tide pods are easy to use and clean my clothes as well as liquid detergent with no mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the compactness and that I can just throw it in! Need to make a Tide free version please :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for forty years now and the Acti-Lift I picked up recently let me know that it will get even the red mud in NC out of our clothes. Thank you Tide for helping a Love continue to grow.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will buy tide pods from now on. I like knowing that the 57 load size will actually clean 57 loads of laundry. I get the 96 load size of another major brand and probably wash only 20-25 loads. My clothes don't feel or smell clean unless I use the maximum amount. Tide pods are different. The entire load smelled wonderful and was clean and soft with only 1 pod. Please note: they do NOT smell good in the container)", {'entities': [(264, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using PG products for over 50 years, I didn't think there was much room for improvement. Tide with Acti-Lift is a wonderful product. I didn't have to spot treat my grandsons clothes. I gave all my friends Tide Acti-Life gift 'samples'. When I find an outstanding product, I like to share the information! Thanks PG for another great product.", {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods are a very convenient way to do laundry. Everything that I needed to clean and brighten my laundry is in one premeasured capsule. It was very easy to use and will be easier to store than having several different products taking space in my cabinet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why is Tide HE made only in liquid form now The powder packed in boxes is much easier to use as an older woman can dip it out instead of having to life a heavier bottle (jug) and pour into cup. Some new and improved packaging methods are not well thought out.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always seem to come back to Tide, but when I tried Tide with Dawn, I swore I'd never use another detergent. I use Dawn on my dishes and it's the absolute best on tackling grease. Since most of my stains are food stains, Tide with Dawn was exactly right. Sadly, none of my local supermarkets carry it any more, and I can't even find it on line. Help!", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had to write a review on Tide. For years I refused to buy it because I feel it is WAY over priced and still feel that way. However, I have bought ERA detergent for years until I recently washed a white button down collared shirt in ERA without bleach because I was out. The shirt came out with the ring around the collar dirt and sweat build up from a summers daily wear. I complained to my boyfriend about it and he swore that Tide always got the dirt out but I'd forbid him to spend money on it. So I went to the store and picked up unscented Tide and threw the shirt in to give it the test. The shirt came out absolutely clean. The ring around the collar grime was gone and I didn't even use bleach. I am really impressed with the results but the price I just can't agree with.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('On behalf of the entire Nashville, TN area, I would like to express our gratitude for the invaluable service provided by the Loads of Hope following the May 2010 flood. I have personally used Tide laundry detergent for almost 40 years! Through financial hardships and other difficult times, I have never waived from my dedication to this product until the present time. I am a single middle aged professional who has lost two upper management positions during the economic crisis. Unfortunately, I have had to be very frugal in all areas of my lifestyle, and have had to cut costs in anyway possible. However, trust me when I say that at the earliest possible point in time, I will revert back to being the Tide lover I have always been! Thank you again for your assistance to our community in our time of need.', {'entities': [(192, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was my first time buying a Tide product. I got these pods as a gift to myself because I was tired of my laundry not having a scent by the time it got out of the drier and the fact the pods have stain remover and color booster was a great incentive to me. The idea of just dropping a pack in as well was really appealing and I also found I really enjoyed the Mystic Forest scent. I am glad to say that I was not disappointed. I love these and I have never had a problem with them. I always wash my clothes in cold water and the pods dissolve easily and leave the clothes smelling great. They've done well removing stains too. The only con I can think of is the price, but for how easy they are and how effective they are, I have to say I don't mind paying a little extra.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for years and I love trying all of the new types and scents that come out. Tide has been the only product I can trust to get the worst stains or smells out of clothing, blankets and towels. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Much easier than worrying about lugging around the container and with that legendary Tide clean! A winner!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(85, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I will be taking the Tide Pod on our next cruise. They are very light, take up very little room in a suitcase, and if you are doing laundry on a ship it is a great idea to bring these along!', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was a little skeptical about the pods ability to clean and make my laundry smell fresh. Well I washed the dirtiest load I could find and was extremely surprised to find the clothes clean and smelling fresh. Thank You Tide for an easy to use and great product This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(219, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods Are not only super easy to use. But you end up with a great smelling and clean laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide PODS product did a good job on my laundry, but pods are just too expensive. I am capable of pouring and measuring detergent so the ease of the product is irrelevant to me..', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the only laundry detergent I prefer! I never have any issues with getting stains out and my clothes always smell great and feel soft! I love tide pods. They make doing the laundry so much easier and they work just as great as the liquid! Would highly recommend them to anyone!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First let me say that I have always been a loyal Tide customer. Nothing cleans my family's laundry better. It's the best!! And now that I have nothing to measure, it's even better!! I just throw in a Pod and Poof! I'm done!! Love it!! Thank you for making the task of laundry easier!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am already a fan of Tide but after trying the new Tide Pods, I have fallen in love all over again. The pods do an excellent job of cleaning and leave just the right amount of scent. I tried the Spring Meadow scented pod. They are so easy to use, I love them!.....they're cute too :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We purchased one bag of Tide Pods to give them a try are very happy we did. Our clothes smell great after washing using Pods!', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i really like my sample of Tide Pods and will be my next laundry soap worked great smelled great and easy loved it.....This product is what i need', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love it! Easy to use and very effective. I like the scent and cleaning action. But most importantly I know I am using the right amount without measuring. Life is easier with Tide Pods!', {'entities': [(174, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had to use other products due to economic reasons so I am always excited when I can use Tide,especially on school and work clothes.The clothes are always cleaner,smells fresher and works good as a pre treatment on stubborn stains.', {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have grown up in a family that used only Tide powder, way before the liquid,or pods. Still mine and I now use the pods. If the store is out I use the liquid.', {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods. Very easy to use, nice scent. I recommend using two pods per wash. I received these products complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is all I use and I use HE. It cleans my clothes using less and so in the long run it saves money and does a great job on our clothes. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are so easy to use and is the most convenient laundry product. Ever since this product came to market I never buy liquid detergent. No mixing or measuring is wonderful.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide Products, But this the best product yet. Easy, does the best cleaning job on my clothes with my new clothes washer would recommend this Tide product', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was blown away! I did not expect the cleanliness level, the static free effect and the perfect amount of scent left on my clothes after I got them outta the dryer. I also didn't expect the scent to last 3 days later when I pulled them outta the drawer to wore them! Looks like I'm now a Tide Pods customer ) I rate this product 2 enthusiastic thumbs up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(289, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Get rid of all those extra bottles and get PODS they work FANTASTIC! No mess, no fuss. Now you can get rid of all the Extra bottles of stain remover, brighteners and yes even the Tide bottle, which makes Tide step into the eco-friendly world, NO MORE PLASTIC BOTTLES. Try it TODAY you'll LOVE it. I did, thank you TIDE for once again making my life easier. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(179, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for years and recently bought a new Energy Efficient machine. I absolutely love the new Tide HE liquid. It takes such a small amount of detergent and my clothes are so clean. I have never been happier with Tide, or any other product for that matter.. I highly recommend Tide HE Liquid for the new Energy Efficient machine.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide has been the only laundry detergent in our home since I was a child. I've been using it in my house for the past 40 years and I only use the traditional Tide...one change...now I use HE with my NEW front load washer. I love my washer and I really LOVE my TIDE! My children use it now for their families. Tide is part of the family!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Laundry just became so much easier and less of a hassle. Tide Pods work wonderfully and the scent lasts longer than with the liquid. Clothes seemed even cleaner than usual. I can appreciate any product that not only saves me time but also provides such great results. I will be buying these from now on. No more measuring liquid, or spilling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the convenience and performance of Tide Pods ! They are easy to store , easy to use and make my clothes clean and wonderful smelling. I no longer have the residue that collects in the liquid detergent dispenser in my washer and I don't have to measure the messy liquid detergent. It is all contained in the pre-measured Pod. Bravo !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to being a little skeptical about the Tide Pods - most of the other pre-measured/pre-packaged detergents for dishwashers and other appliances never seemed to do much. The Tide Pods are very different. I was amazed at how effective they were in removing set-in stains and making my clothes bright and clean. I will certainly be switching to Tide Pods, even though they are a little more expensive than regular detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide I love is with bleach alternative. It is more expensive than most but well worth it when my husband and kids want to know -- how I can get things so clean and fresh. My secret is NOT green but works. I make my own stain remover with a little Tide and water in a spray bottle to start with, rinse my clothes twice, and THEN a third time with my Downy. Yea, it takes a little longer and more water but my clothes are ALL clean/fresh and never ruined with stains.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It doesn't matter what kind of blotch I get on my clothes, I know that Tide is going to get it out for me. I work in the outdoors and my clothes get pretty dirty and smelly, I know they are going to smell good after they get washed with Tide. I have used it for years, tried other products along the way, but have never been as happy as I am with Tide.....", {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It is incredible,I really didn't believe that it would work until I got grease on my favorite pink hoodie I rubbed a little on the grease and it came out! I was so sure it wouldn't work but not only did it clean my clothes but my 9 year old grandson got grease on his clothes and it worked and My husband is a mechanic and it works on his clothes too.Thank you so much for this product,it has made me change from my old detergent. Thank you again. I am now walking Tide commercial and recomend it to everyone", {'entities': [(465, 469, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought the new tide pods today ( March 20, 2012) at my local store. I like tide's products and I must say this one is one of my new FAVORITES besides Tide Original Scent washing liquid. Smells GREAT when washing and after drying, my clothes look great and it actually works in cold water. My clothes even came out of the dryer soft. (no fabric softer needed). Great buy..and a MUST ry. Yours Truly, A TIDE MOM of TWO", {'entities': [(152, 156, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sooooo excited to see Tide came out with the pods. I am a bit disappointed int the available scents however that would NOT stop me from using these. I did find that for my family, one pod is not quite enough so I use 1 pod plus about a half a cup of the Tide Sport Febreze (THE BEST EVER!!!!). Hopefully Tide will expand their selection to maybe include the Sport, but if not.... Tide is always the way to go!!!', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are the only thing that I will use for our laundry! The Tide Sport, though hard to find, is the only detergent that I have found that actually makes our gym clothes smell fresh. My husband is in the military and often forgets to take his gym clothes and towels out of his bag, which causes a Horrible smell that has been nearly impossible to get rid of. One time trying the Sports Pods and I am hooked. I do not use it on our everyday clothing, because it tends to be a bit to harsh, but it does the job when I need it the most!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the Tide HE. Discovered it quite by accident and have been in love with it ever since. I was having problems with my regular Tide or any other detergent causing great amounts of suds in the front loader washer. I didn't even know they made the HE and picked it up by accident. First thing I noticed is that it didn't cause excessive sudsy which meant they machine didn't go thru several rinse cycles to get rid of all the foam. Haven't used anything else since. And everything is so clean looking and fresh smelling.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the way liquid Tide performs but don't like using it because I can't see the measurement lines on the cap! The cap and liquid are both dark blue, and you have to look down into the cap when you pour instead of being able to read it through the side like a measuring cup. Money is tight and I don't want to waste detergent by guessing the right amount to use each time. Mostly I buy the powder (little hard to find for HE) so I can measure it better. If only you would make the cap clear with lines on the outside!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using a cheaper detergent for a number of years and found I always had to use more to get my clothes clean. I picked up Tide the other day and used the same amount as my other detergent and had to run the washer twice because I had suds still on my clothes after it was through. Learned my lesson there and now I know that Tide is not any more expensive than the other brands because you don't have to use as much and love the smell of my clothes. Will be using Tide for now on. It cleans better using less detergent. Love it!!! :)", {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We had a front loading washer back in 1960 and had to use regular detergent. The washer had a window in front so we would add a little detergent at a time until the suds barely showed at the water line. It wasn't easy or fun but the clothes were cleaner with that front loader. I bought my front loader back in 2002 because I remember the clothes getting cleaner, used less water and was greener. HE detergent was hard to find and Tide was the first HE detergent to hit the shelves. I bought the liquid HE as it dissolves easier. It is the ONLY HE detergent to buy.", {'entities': [(431, 435, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother never used a name brand detergent and as a child I remember thinking how good other peoples clothes smelled and how could I smell that good. I began using Tide when I moved out of my moms house because of the smell alone. I never knew I could love a detergent so much. :) But now that I am older I use Tide products not only for the smell but because I now have three boys of my own and I want them to feel good about their clothes. Tide takes out stains, keeps their clothes looking brand new ( and for boys that is a hard task ) and of course keeps them smelling fresh and clean all day. Thank you Tide from a loyal customer for life!!', {'entities': [(165, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for years. Thank you for making my job easier', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Easy use with great results. Another Great Tide product. Thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are a wonderful concept. just about anyone can use these. great for teaching your kids how to do laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is amazing how all my clothes shine after every washed. I will definitely recommend Tide to all my friends', {'entities': [(87, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods Detergent is so easy to use, no muss, no fuss, no spillage, no measuring... just clean clothes! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Washing Dad's old tee shirts, I find that Tide works better than bleach for whitening. This product is amazing!", {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I greatly enjoyed using the Tide Pods...did an awesome job. They worked great and were very convenient to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So happy to have a exciting way to do laundry and with Tide know its clean! I will buy in the future as my 72 pods should last a bit ) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You are sure to get the right amount each time. No dripping mess or powders that don't dissolve completely. Same great Tide product.", {'entities': [(119, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide pods they are convenient and easy for a busy mom like me! Washes beautifully in hot or cold water and I love the price!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Its another great product by Tide, makes life with kids easy. Love the product keep up the great work at keeping our clothes clean.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are quite effective. The clothes were cleaned thoroughly cleaned. The pods are easy to use-one tiny package provides everything that your clothes need. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the new Tide Pod quick and easy to use, no mess, no measuring just pop it in the washer. Clothes came out clean and smelling fresh but not over powering. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the tide pods on my family's SHIRT load- WONDERFUL, smell great! Everything came out smelling wonderful after being dried on the line, and I was super scared that they plastic would be left in my washer( I don't own HE) well no plastic was left behind, totally dissolved!!!!! I will using this on a regular basis for this load of laundry. I do like the Purex Crystal's which I have been using but for the price of Tide Pods it's going to average out to be the same in the long run. I'm sure your wondering about the rest of our laundry- my house if full of ALL BOY'S and a husband- I'm the only girl- therefore LAUNDRY get's REALLY dirty around here. For Jean's/Jean Shorts I use my regular laundry detergent(purex or sun) and I use a cap full of PINE SOL(ALOT of dry cleaners do this and I bet most of you didn't know this) If jean's are real bad, 2 caps fulls. Get's the sweat out, get's the dirt out, try it! You will be impressed.(Recommend not using FABULOUS and just use regular pine sol) For towels-sun or purex laundry detergent and 1/2 cup Clorox Bleach 1 week, 1 cap full of clear amonia the next-switch up White's- sun or purex laundry detergent and I use a cap full of purex crystal's**I WILL BE REPLACING THE PUREX CRYSTAL'S WITH TIDE PODS NOW Shirt's-sun or purex laundry detergent and I was using a cap full of purex crystal's**I WILL BE REPLACING THE PUREX CRYSTAL'S WITH TIDE PODS NOW I don't dry anything except socks/underwear everything is line dried year round- saves the life of your clothes and a bit of exercise never hurt anyone- plus the savings always helps out. So as of now I don't know how the end product is if you dry a load- since I only did a shirt load thus far, but line drying our shirt's came our smelling/lasting longer than the Purex Crystal's This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(421, 425, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The only product I trust to clean clothes. I tried other products and wasn't happy. Never again will I stray from Tide.", {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods make doing laundry so much easier. I've used Tide all my life.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide with Bleach forever - when these pods came out I decided to give them a try. Absolutely love these, the clothes are just as clean and I use just the right amount of detergent to clean them', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I totally love these Tide Pods. I use alot less detergent and my chothes come out clean and smell great. If I was Oprah it would be on my favorite things show. For Christmas I bought each family a contaner.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide pods! Its super easy to use, no measuring and no mess. My clothes came out looking great and the stains were gone. I am definitely buying Tide pods in the future! Great product, keep up the good work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for 50 years. It is better than ever Even if I forget to use spot cleaner before washing the stains come out.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods Spring Meadow is just great, my clothes smell delightful and look cleaner than before', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would use nothing else. Cheap brands ARE a waste of money. They do not get stains out as well as Tide. BUt like another writer, said too do miss the lavender/vanilla scent.', {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the tide detergent pod is one of the most simplest and easy product on the market at this time, It a product you would expect for Tide .Same great cleaning and the smell leave your laundry smelling fresh and clean. thank you tide for another great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the free sample of the Tide Pods. I really liked the convenience of the pods. I just started the washing machine and tossed in the pod. No more measuring and pouring out liquid detergent. Thanks for a terrific product!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I returned to Tide when i saw the new product format. Im sure glad i did, Super results!', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods make doing laundry so convenient! Throw in a pod, clothes, softener and that's it! Love Tide Pods!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod are great with no measuring needed and having a great scent.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best that Tide has ever invented it is very easy n convinent and nonexpensive detergent.I LOVE IT......... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Easy to use and works great! Same great Tide as ever but no measuring... easy as pie!', {'entities': [(40, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE the new Acti Lift you've added, and personally I think it smells wonderful and clean! Nothing gets my clothes cleaner then Tide (and I'm quite partially to Downey as fabric softener).", {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep a Tide pen at work and in my purse. I instantly apply this to a stain as soon as it happens and the stain disappears in a matter of minutes. There is no residue from the application.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tend to not waste time measuring detergent and use too much on a regular basis. The pods eliminate that problem as there is no need to measure! Smells great and cleans as well as Tide liquid.', {'entities': [(181, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Can I just say from this point on I will only buy Tide Pods!! My daughter in law bought and gave me a couple to try and I am hooked! My laundry was clean and smelled wonderful. This is a task in its self with a house of 5 boys and just me the only girl! Thanks Tide for this amazing product. I hope to try out more of tide products!', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for years. Having to clean trucking grease out of uniforms, t-shirts and everything else is tough but, Tide gets it out everytime. We have tried everything else out there and nothing ever got the smell or the stains out except Tide.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a ridiculously busy mother of three small children enrolled in college full-time. I value my time ( at least what time I can call mine). The Tide Pods are so amazingly simple and clean. I absolutely love them!! Not only do they clean wonderfully, but they also don't create a mess themselves like regular detergent can. Yay pods!!! :)", {'entities': [(146, 150, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide Pods. MY clothes smell great and the colors look brighter. I bought the smaller package to see how I liked it, and I love it. Not only the convenience of the pod, but for the way your clothes come out, clean, bright and smelling great. I will continue for sure to buy these pods and I recommend them to all my friends.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got a sample of Tide Pods in the mail the other day and I was really surprised at how great they work. No measuring or anything, They are perfect for a guy doing the laundry and they really clean great. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("i used my sample of Tide Pods and I absolutely love it. it smells so nice and my clothes came out bright and super clean. can't wait to buy some more of this great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide on and off for many years now. When the pods came out, I decided to try them simply for the convenience. Although others have had problems and complaints about the product, I haven't seen any problems at all. My clothes come out clean and smelling fresh each and every time. I will continue to use this product in the future.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide for over 42 years. I was thrilled with Acti-Lift because now I don't have to use an additional product for stains. Althought the product is great I don't like the dark blue cap. It is IMPOSSIBLE to read the lines and I may be using too much or too little.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Tide Pods Original. I especially like that there's no dripping, no powder to deal with....the pods are clean and easy to use.", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide PODS. Easy to use and superior cleaning results. I have a new HE top loading machine and have never experienced any of the negative things I have read here. You have to start the water and put the pod in the machine before the items being washed. That's how the pod dissolves. It won't dissolve properly if you throw it in on top of the dry laundry.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So this little thing is going to clean a load of extra dirty clothes Hmm we'll see. I used a load of clothes that were from working outside-sweaty/extra filthy. Wow! They came out smelling great-clean and the colors popped. I threw in a blackwhite shirt and the white sections looked better than new and the black parts looked brighter. Ok Tide I'm a new fan. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(340, 344, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My favorite detergent is Tide and better yet I found that Walmart will ship it to you for free with a minimum purchase ! I am getting older and carrying these heavy items is hard for me. Walmart saved me again', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide Pods not only because they work great but I also think they save me money. I tend to not measure exactly my detergent and I usually put in more than I need. This concept takes the measuring process away from me and I use the amount needed. I love the sent but would love to have some pods match up with Downey!', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide, it is the only detergent that can get my 3 kids' clothes clean on the first try, and it smells wonderful! Even after the clothes have been in the drawer for a few days they still smell great. As a single mom, the cost is the only drawback I have, but I buy it whenever possible. I only have to use a small amount to get our clothes clean, so it does last for quite awhile.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a free sample of the Tide Pods Detergent and would like to say this is a great product. I would highly recommend it. My clothes came out clean and bright and all it took was placing a pod in the wash, no messy measuring in the cap. The detergent dissolved quickly as advertised and I would gladly use this product again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used this detergent in my front loader. I tried the quick cycle on the machine with this detergent and was surprised at how well it worked. I had clean clothes with a fresh scent in half the time. I tried the same cycle with a load that was soiled more and wasnt happy with it so I used the regular cycle. All in all this is a great Tide product that I will most likely purchase the next time I need detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(335, 339, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It is so easy to use the Tide pod. Just throw them into the washing machine and that's it! I did find it strange that it doesn't care whether my machine is HE or not though when laundry detergents sold outside all mention whether they are HE compatible or not. I'm not used to the smell (different type of good sweet smell) of the freshly washed clothes but I'm not complaining when it's so effortless to use. Perhaps, offer different fragrance types This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried new Tide Pods in a load of laundry yesterday. I was genuinely impressed by the result. I didn't think it was enough detergent to wash a load of laundry but I was mistaken, the clothes came out cleaner than they ever did with my current laundry detergent and smelling fresh as a spring morning. We don't have a High Efficiency machine but it worked very well despite that fact. I would, indeed, use these again. Thank you, Tide, for raising the bar in the laundry industry yet again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very nice product! Tide Pods not only clean as advertised but they also save by not over-using Tide liquid a tendency guys seem to have. (If a little is good more is better!) Those with Pods breaking in the container I may suggest caution in only handling the Pods with DRY HANDS. The Tide Pods also help in keeping the laundry area cleaner by eliminating sticky detergent residue from the counter and side of the container. Kudos PG to your RD Department Great Product! Thanks. JJ', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am so happy to get this product. I was very shocked at how well the PODS worked. My laundry was as clean as if I had used my old liquid together with the laundry booster. I just found a new love in Tide Pods. I will be so happy not to lug around the heavy liquid jugs and no more seperate packs of laundry booster. Now, I can really save money. Hurray!! for Tide. The Bonus here is less plastic and waste for the enviroment.. I am telling eveyone about this GREAT new way to do laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best laundry detergent hands down... I wash alot of whites and all my cloths seem to get foundation around the neck... I tried other brands to save but when i use The original i NEVER need to pre-treat... Every load comes out SOOO clean and bright... I didnt think it could get any better but Acti-Lift is amazing... Sure i might pay a few more but i am NEVER using another detergent ever... Grandma and Mom are right Tide is the best!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not sure why other people are having trouble with the pods because I absolutely love them. They always completely dissolve, my clothes feel and smell great it prevents my kids from over pouring laundry detergent. The only time I do not use the pods is when I wash towels and that's only because I don't use fabric softener on my towels because it makes them less absorbent. Anyone who tries Tide Pods and isn't happy with them, feel free to send the remainder to me! Sincerely", {'entities': [(395, 399, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Pods for 2 months now, and I have no problem with them. Matter of fact I love them. I have 3 frontloads, and used them in all three, I make sure I put the pod in first in the center of the drum, than put the clothes on top of the pod. I use warm water wash, and even did a load in cold water and had no problem with the pods dissolving. I am looking forward to Tide Totalcare coming in Pods, can't wait. I hope Tide co. will make them in all the different kinds of Tide detergent.", {'entities': [(383, 387, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received 2 full size bottles of this Tide detergent free from the Tide company just to try it out. I was very pleasantly surprised of the scent left behind on my clean clothes and the soft, clean feeling of my clothes. I absolutely love this product and will continue using it for all of our clothes. I highly recommend this product to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked not having to measure, just throw the pod in and go. No messy liquid or powder. So convenient and my laundry was clean and smelled wonderful. There was no residue from the pod leftover, the outside dissolved like it was supposed to. I was a little worried because I've had problems with the Tide stain booster packets not dissolving completely, but no problems with the Tide Pod! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(299, 303, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent that doesn't make my allergies so crazy. No more rash! The pods make it easy to make sure I am using the right amount so I don't have the left over residue that can cause those rashes. The pods make it easy to just throw them in and walk away. I like the liquid ones best as the powder ones don't always fall apart like they should. However, Tide did offer to replace those, but I figured as long as my clothes were clean, why waste time. they still got my clothes clean!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I highly recommend Tide Boost Pre-Treat Spray. It is a great stain fighter. I have used it on set in stains that I had used another pre-treat product and Tide Boost removed the stain. It has saved several items of clothing I thought were permanently stained. I followed the directions on the Tide Boost Pre-treat Spray and to my amazement the stain was gone, I couldn't be more pleased.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have never really used Tide before because it is more expensive than other brands. I was kind of weary on trying the PODS but I tried it and it was at a very reasonable price!!! I love it! It is all I buy now and I am working on my 3rd bag! I am planning on buying the big bowl of them next! I recommend them to EVERYONE that wants whats best for their clothes at an unbeatable price!', {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been doing laundry for 40+ years, have always used Tide. Started with the powder. switched to liquid, and then got a sample of Tide Pods. Wow! What a great surprise, this little packet has it all, stain fighters, great scent and of course that great Tide cleaning power. I know I sound like a paid commercial, but believe me, I would never recommend anything that I didn't truly believe in. If you haven't tried it do yourself a favor, buy some, I think you will be pleasantly surprised. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Tide Pods and was excited about the way it cleaned. I have grandchildren ranging in age from 18 years to a bun in the oven. I do their laundry when they stay with me and I am thrilled at how clean the clothes are and the odor being gone, especially since they are all boys. It is so easy to use since I don't have to measure. I just open the pack, get out a pod and toss it. How easy can it get This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide since I was married 24 years ago. My mother used Tide the entire time I was growing up. Tide has saved the day many a time, even after a garment was washed. I found a shirt in the dryer with a greasy mark on it, poured a little liquid Tide on it, and it came out in the wash. It was my brother's pricey button down shirt. Tide saved the day! Works great on kids clothes--saved lots of money that way! I would not think of using anything else!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for years and have no desire to change. I found that I have liked Tide (original) becasue I can use softeners or bleach as I prefer. Then!! I started to use Tide Stain Release, which has added so much to my laundry. Just last week I purchased Tide Total Care, which I have to find out more about. I do not recall seeing Tide with Acti -Lift technology, which -no doubt I will be trying. I love my Tide. Thanks Proctor and Gamble. -Rae, Price, Utah', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Did I really just say laundry detergent makes me happy I really love this product. I have 5 girls and lots of clothes to wash. Love, the pre-measured pods. Love, the way it gets the clothes clean. Love that the box said 55 loads and i really got 55 loads out of the box. Love, the package design and the cute little pods. I highly recommend this product and will continue to use it. PS my girls say Tide is Boss', {'entities': [(399, 403, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide forever. I have tried other products in the past but they have let me down. I kept going back to Tide. I finally stopped using the other ones, it was a waste of money. I love Tide, espescially the Tide with febreeze. Always gets our clothes clean and they smell good too. I'm not just saying this, I mean it. It works!!", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('THANK YOU THANK YOU THANK YOU. A year or so back I emailed with my disappointment on the new size of your dispenser bottle as it no longer fit in the cabinet above my washer. I had to refill another brand of detergents bottle with my Tide which was inconvient. Today as I walked down the aisle I saw the bottle seemed shorter so I bought one and IT FITS AGAIN.. This saves me from refilling bottles Thank you I appreciate less work even though I would not stop using Tide it has become more convient again.', {'entities': [(234, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited to find PODS because my children always put too much or not enough detergent in with a load of clothes. With Tide PODS I don't have to worry about the washing machine bubbling over ever again! My only complaint is that sometimes the POD's clear pouch doesn't dissolve completely in cold water and leaves a sticky residue on the piece of clothing that the POD dissolved over. I have now started letting the POD dissolve completely in the wash before adding my clothes. I don't have this problem when I use warm or hot water though. Thanks for a great product... washing will never be the same again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this sample free of charge from Tide and I am not only blown away by it's performance, but I love the smell as well This detergent tackled my heaviest loads and when you have 3 boys in the house under 10 years of age and a husband that can be pretty messy. But it also worked perfect with baby clothes as it was gentle and didn't leave a harsh feel or smell afterward. This is a great product and I would highly recommend this to anyone especially those with a HE washer/dryer. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(43, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In 1990 my husband received military orders to go to Korea. When the packers arrived I had a newly opened box of Tide in the laundry room, which I intended to give to my neighbor but when the packers left the Tide had been packed among all other items that were to be put in storage. I thought nothing else of this until 17 years later we returned and unpacked the storage items and here was the box of Tide. So out of curiosity I tried this 17 year old Tide in a load of wash and it worked just like it was new. So I can truthfully say Tide Quality Lasts!.', {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a loyal Gain user for years. The last time I went shopping, they were sold out of my usual scent of Gain, but they had Tide on sale. So, I thought why not give it a try. For starters, I gave the Tide a real challenge - My husband's work clothes. He is a welder, so his clothes can get pretty dirty. I was very pleasantly surprised at how well the Tide worked! My husband's clothes have never been cleaner! The Gain never got his clothes this clean or smelling this good! He even NOTICED they smelled good! I won't be going back to Gain - I have become a Tide user for life :-)", {'entities': [(131, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have the messiest 7 year old, I believe, in the world! We recently moved in a new house with a new school that required uniforms. I wanted to make sure that my kids looked their best so I went to the mall and spent a little over three hundred dollars on thier clothes. The very first day my daughter comes home with a huge ketchup stain on her shirt that had been there since 10:30 that morning! I thought well there goes that shirt down the drain! Recently my friend had talked me into buying the new Pods, and crossing my fingers I threw it in and hoped for the best. To my surprise when the load was finished the stain was completely gone! I will not go back to other brands because even though they are cheaper they do not do as well and I usually end up getting rid of clothes because they look dull and old. Thank you so much Tide you saved the day!', {'entities': [(834, 838, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only do Tide Pods leave my family's clothing clean and fresh, I was amazed when they removed hydrogen peroxide stains from a black scrub top. No pretreatment, just Pods in cold water. I am hooked!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Pod was so easy to use, I ended up purchasing a bag of them to take on a recent trip to Yellowstone. Laundry on the go couldn't have been simpler! Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(159, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pod is a great idea because now there is no measuring or dripping bottles on the washing machine. What could be easier than popping a pod into the drum This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The tide pods give you the clean you expect from Tide with ease of use. They would be perfect for students living in dorms or others that have to go to a laundromat. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used my Tide pod to launder a flowered quilt. We bought a new mattress set for that bedroom. The Tide pod made the quilt looking bright and smelling fresh and new. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There's nothing like the smell of Tide. I smell cleaner, look cleaner --- I just love this product.", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received my Tide Pod in the mail today and decided to use it right away. I was amazed at how bright my color clothes looked as they came out of the washer!! Can't wait to try on my whites! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS can easily be dropped in the soap dispenser.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide cleaned up all my husbands skin irritations. Other detergents made him break out and itch. Plus clean clean clean clothes! Thank You Tide!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the Ocean Mist Tide Pods smell a lot like the discontinued Tide w/Dawn Whitewater Clean scent. The Pods did a superb job in our front-loader on every load we tried them on (including my husband's ultra dirty work uniforms).", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It was great and very easy to use same Tide product and great results This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ive been with Tide (he) ever since i bought a he washer, 4 years ago. In this day and age it's the way to go, and Tide he leaves a nice scent on my clothing besides getting them clean every time.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My son suffer from allergies and the only detergent that I use is Tide, desides that is really good for the laundry it keeps my son out of his allergies.', {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("How convenient to use when I have to take my laundry to a laundromat, and you can't beat the deep cleaning power of the tide pods. Excellent new product for anyone who wants a powerful little product thats easy to use. Thumbs up Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(229, 233, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Tide pods. They light to carry, work well on my cloths and the spring meadow scent is lovely.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the new Tide pods and absolutely love them. They are very convienient to use, no mess from leaky liquid, no measuring, just pop one in and thats it. My clothes came out very clean and smelling nice. And the price is reasonable to. Tide is the only detergent that I use. I recommend it to everyone. Tide keep up the good work bringing us new time saving ideas. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently used Tide Total Care HE and was floored by the results. As soon as I took the clothes from the machine I immediately notice the dark colors seemed more vibrant. My favorite odd color red sweater looked almost new. Tide has given me results I've not seen before. The results were amazing. It's Tide Total Care HE from now on.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide but I can't justify the high prices in this economy so I have turned to other leading brands at half the price of Tide. Sorry", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It was fun to pop the pod into the washer and walk away. My husband loved the scent on the clothes when they were done (we do not normally use a fabric softener), but I thought the scent was somewhat overpowering. We normally use the unscented Tide. (Also, our machine is about a half load of a normal machine, so a pod may be too much for us.) But I liked the product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(244, 248, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wash with the Tide sport with febreeze, our towels were on a rack in my bathroom, not in a closet or closed up. We recently had a house fire, my bathroom was completley black and covered in ashes, totally distroyed by smoke.The whole house smelled like smoke. When the restoration crew came in to remove our textiles the women brought one of my towels out which was black, and asked me what detergent I used I told her about the Tide and she stated that the towels smelled like I had just washed them. I smelled for myself and they were still very clean and fresh smelling. I could'nt believe it.I wanted to commend you on having such a wonderful product. I am always going to be a Tide user. I thank you again so much.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My new front loader has a drawer on the front that I have to pour the detergent into. I have always used the Tide with the faucet dispenser, so bought the 96-load Tide Ultra HE. Other reviews are right - using the cap to measure and pour was kind of messy - I managed to slosh the detergent all over the place. Almost immediately, I realized that I did not need the measuring cap. I hold the bottle by the handle, loosen the blue cap, hold the faucet over the detergent drawer, and dispense directly into the drawer, filling to the proper mark for the size load I'm doing. It allows for very precise dispensing, and the large bottle is surprisingly easy to hold, even when full. I store the bottle upright and have no dripping issues.", {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We live in an apartment and for YEARS I would take my big container of generic liquid detergent down to the laundry room. It was heavy, messy, frequently fell off of a full basket, and I felt like I was probably using more detergent than I needed. Then Tide Pods came out and laundry became enjoyable again! I just toss a pod in my pocket along with quarters and I'm good to go. If I am doing a load of my kids' clothing I also toss in a stain boost pod, so easy! I have never had a problem with staining, and only once did the plastic not dissolve completely (we were washing a comforter, and I think there wasn't enough room left for the water to flow properly). Pods make laundry so much easier for me I doubt I will ever stop using them, even after we move into our house. These things are awesome!", {'entities': [(253, 257, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was introduced to Tide powder products as a child. One of Ten children, washing was never just a day, it was on-going and daily chore. When I ventured out on my own, I did try other, less expensive products and can support the saying of ' You Get What You Pay For'. I went back to Tide and have never again ventured from it. Tide has helped me to reign in my families clothing budget, by providing products that work, just as PG Claims. I not only get clean clothes, I get superior clean clothes, minus stains protected by a superior product, cleaned without harsh, material destroying chemicals. I Love TIDE and so many of the PG family of products. PG has a proven record of suppling consumers with EXCELLENT PRODUCT QUALIITY and USEABILITY with Positive results.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("With a family of 4 we go through a lot of laundry each week. Typically I buy other brands - just to save money - but have used Tide in the past and it has always been a preferred brand (other than the cost). When the pods came out I figured I would try them. I liked the container and the ease of use (no mess that liquid can cause and no build up from powder). I just love them!!! 1 pod works great for a larger load in my HE washer. I have even noticed that the musty scent that my washer will get has diminished. The pods get my husband's very dirty work clothes clean (which is no easy feat) and I don't have to use stain stick. I didn't believe my clothes would be brighter (like the container said) but surprisingly they are. I will def. be purchasing these again. Thanks Tide!!", {'entities': [(127, 131, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are great! They clean very well and I love the way my clothes smell after wash!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was totally blown away by the cleaning power of the tiny pod. I use pods for my dishes in the dishwasher, and I use Tide's stain release pods as well (they are wonderful, too!) so I'm used to pods, but I never expected that little bit of detergent etc.,in a laundry pod by itself, to be able to clean a whole load of dirty work clothes! I read the directions and saw I could use 1 or 2 for heavily stained loads. So being a little leary, I used 2. Well, those clothes were sparkling clean and smelled great! The next load I did, I used only 1 pod. They were perfectly clean! No more pouring liquid detergent adding extra 'heavy-duty' cleaners. These tiny little pods clean everything, even my husbands greasy work clothes. Thanks for making my laundry day a little easier! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(118, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work a messy job, and my clothes show it. Since Tide has this Acti-Lift, I've noticed that my work clothes look cleaner and more stain-free than before. Thankfully, I work a job where they know you'll show up clean but your pants especially will be permanently stained. However, I love that I can just throw in a load of work clothes and have them come out more stain free than before, and they smell good, too.", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I reallly like this new Tide with Acti-Lift it works very very well and I buy the scent with the Frabreeze in it It really makes my clothes look brand new all over again.I would highly recommend this product to anyone.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband bought these pods and told me to try them, I did and they work and smell great! Sorry Gain, my new friend is Tide! Great product and my laundry cap doesn't end up getting lost because there is no need to use one now! Just toss in and close the lid! Easy!", {'entities': [(120, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always used Tide powder. I bought these bc the store didn't have my powder. I LOVE them. My kids can do laundry without oversoaping but I can toss in 2 for big, sports-stinky loads!", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely LOVE your new pods! My laundry came out clean and bright! The convenience can't be beat! Thanks for yet another great product Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love using the pods as they're easy to use and not messy. Tide is the only detergent that really gets my clothes clean without leaving any residue.", {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide products are my favorite product's for washing clothes this is all I need and use. I usually go purchase the tide pods. It makes the clothes cleaner.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am so excited about this product because of its simplicity! We all know Tide is great at cleaning clothes. Now they have improved on a completely different level. I LOVE how quick and easy this product is. No more pouring, or sticky messes for this mom. Tide Pods are the ONLY way to go. Thank you Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have very sensitive skin and decided to try Tide as the brand I was using was not working well in my HE washer. Clothes are cleaner, washer works less, skin not irritated. Bravo Tide!', {'entities': [(46, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide Pods. There is no measuring, no spilling, and no waste. The absolute best product ever and from my favorite product...TIDE! Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just received a sample of this in the mail and wow!!! I'm super impressed and have switched from Gain to Tide Pods Spring Meadows. My clothes are extremely clean and smell amazing!", {'entities': [(105, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('You have a new customer! I used the sample LOVED IT! Tide Pods is my new favorite detergent for my front load washer and any future washers. Thank you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods! I pop one or two(for heavy soils or large loads) into my washer, start the water and then add my clothes. I've never had an issue with residue or stains. Everything comes out clean and smelling great, even my towels! I'm also saving money because when I used liquid detergent I tended to use too much.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes were beginning to look dingy from using a different brand of detergent. I have now switched to pods and my clothes are cleaner and brighter looking. Thanks Tide!!', {'entities': [(167, 171, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Tide Pods on a whim and used it on my towels as a test and the result was great with my towels smelling great! I would recommend this product it just simply works.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Can't get any easier then just toss in and go, no muss, no fuss. I liked the smell of the pod as well. Clothes came out just as clean as if I had used my usual Tide liquid. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I alway use pods now with my new HE washer. I bought All because the offered coupons more often and we're about 1.50 less expensive per package. I will say I do like Tide.", {'entities': [(166, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I travel constantly and Tide Pods are perfect for doing laundry at hotels. They are portable, packable in a suitcase and effective. Please make a smaller size for half size loads.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide PODS are great when you have a 10mth old baby on your hip and trying to do laundry! One handed all the way! Just throw in the POD and then the close and DONE! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When is Tide going to come in different types of tide detergents How about Tide with downy in pods Coldwater etc. With all the different kinds of tide, why not have them in Pod Form also. You can't beat Pods for convenience and clean, but I would like to see the others in Pods too! COME ON TIDE GET WITH IT !!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Cliche as it sounds, my grandmother, my mother, and I all use Tide. Looking back it has always been there, from powder to liquid to now pods. I admit, I'm glad I'm on the pod end of the spectrum.", {'entities': [(62, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pods are amazing. My laundry is cleaner and easier than ever before. All the women in my life have noticed a huge difference :) Thanks Tide for making such a cool product!', {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods cleans the colored and white clothes , smells great and get the job done without the hassle of measuring how many cups you need ... only one is enough for every wash', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother, going on 90, likes being as independent as possible. Using Tide Pods has made it possible for her to continue doing her own laundry. No more trying to pour and measure liquid detergents. One pod, per load. You can't ask for more than that when it comes to ease in washing laundry and getting good results.", {'entities': [(70, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods make doing laundry so much easier not to mention it cleans very well and leaves clothes spotless and smelling fresh. I love this product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the new Acti-lift Tide to be much better than I expected. I wear my sneaker, short white, socks around in my apt in the summer to keep my feet from being so dry. I used to treat them before every wash, because they pickup soil, but now I can just throw them in and they come out clean. Great!', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Tide brand for a long timei chang this pods nowis exactly what I needed.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the tide pod on my white socks. I wear my white socks in and out of the house when I am home. Yes, I am worse than your kids. I always pre treat my socks to make sure they stay white. I did not pre treat my socks but I used the Tide Pod. I was gob smacked! My socks are white without spray, spray spray. I will buy this product again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(235, 239, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the different variations of Tide with the different fragrances and a 'Touch of Downey'...but am frustrated that most stores don't carry the matching Tide and Downy fragrances that I like. Where can I find the large Tide HE's (w/Bleach, w/Downey, w/Fabreze, etc.) and matching large Downey's", {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("but if I didn't have the PODS I would use Tide liquid", {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had 2 stains on my favorite golf shirt. Had already been washed and dryed. Sprayed it with Spray and Wash came out of the washer still with the stains. Still didn't want to give up on my favorite shirt, so I put my Tide with Acti Lift directly on the stains. Have my favorite golf shirt back to wear! Worked awesome.", {'entities': [(217, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are amazing. No measuring, no mess, no detergent dust, no handwashing afterwards - just pop a pod in the detergent cup. The clothes came out clean and smelling great. I will definitely buy Tide Pods again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods really worked well. My clothes definitely looked brighter. They made an obvious difference in stain removal too. I also thought my clothes smelled nice and fresh. I'm sold! Tide has really outdone themselves on this product.... so easy to use and great results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was happy to receive a sample of Tide Pods! I used it right away and noticed after washing that the clothes were clean and fresh!', {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have 7 teens or young adults that live in my home. They all do their laundry on their own. These Pods stop the excessive use of detergent. It stops them using to much detergent or to little. I find I save money using the pods because they don't just pour the detergent in the washing machine. I bought then because I love Tide and I love the convenience. I had no idea it would save me money as well.", {'entities': [(324, 328, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had issues with Proctor and Gamble in the past but I have to admit, Tide is the one of the best laundry products I have ever used and I keep coming back to it.', {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how simple and clean these PODs are! The detergent itself keeps my clothes bright and smelling wonderful! Tide is by far my favorite detergent!', {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I put Tide Pods to the ultimate test. Hurricane Issac passed through Miami recently and with its winds knocked electricity. Try potty training with no electricity to run the washer :) Luckily, my mother gave me tide pods. I diluted one in a basin of water to wash my son's adorable underoos. I was very impressed with how the pods maintained the brilliant colors in his underpants. It makes me smile to see him running around in his CLEAN supero-hero bottoms. Thank you.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is a great idea! I bought them, just to try and was immediately hooked. No mess, no measure, no cup rinsing, no after drips and no heavy containers to lug around! They are so nice! My clothes are just as clean as using traditional Tide liquid. It is time saving, and cost effective. I have completely switched to the Pods, Extra soil Just toss in two. Simple, easy and effective! Gets you back to the things that matter most instead of being tied to the laundry!', {'entities': [(236, 240, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a free sample of the Tide Pods Detergent and would like to say this is a great product. I would highly recommend it. My clothes came out clean and bright and all it took was placing a pod in the wash, no messy measuring in the cap. The detergent dissolved quickly as advertised and I would gladly use this product again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work a messy job, and my clothes show it. Since Tide has this Acti-Lift, I've noticed that my work clothes look cleaner and more stain-free than before. Thankfully, I work a job where they know you'll show up clean but your pants especially will be permanently stained. However, I love that I can just throw in a load of work clothes and have them come out more stain free than before, and they smell good, too.", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Gets clothes clean and doesn't both my son's and husband's skin like most detergents do. I've only used Tide for over 25 years.", {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm so glad to have the Tide Pods because I never have to worry if I am using too much or not enough. It works great with my HE washing machine.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical of the Pods because they were new and though I use Tide exclusively I still wondered if I could get the same clean that I get from Tide Vivid and the answer is yes! I will continue to use both the Pods and Vidid for different reasons. The Spring Meadow scent is so very lovely and sweet. I love it. The clean is consistent with the excellent nature of Tide. My grandmother used Tide and I use and love Tide and always will. Thanks for another terrific and tested product that we can count on.', {'entities': [(67, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use Tide. It is a great product', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product was a great deal. I believe Tide is the best detergent. I will keep buying from Walmart as the price is usually unbeatable.', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only product my Mothers side has ever used. My Grandmother used it she had 15 kids, Each of those Children had between 2 to 10 kids per each. Out of most of those kids only but very few use tide! I've used tide for the last 35 years myself as a grown women and my kids use tide!!!!! It's the family way! Smells good and make my clothes look and feel clean and great! Thank you!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Original is the best it cleans my clothes and makes them smell nice and fresh....i've tried other brands and found myself unsatisfied and always came back to tide because i knew that it would do the job!!! From now on tide is all i will be buying because i know i will be happy with my clothes looking nice and clean and smelling fresh!!! keep this item around cause its the best.....", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a mother of four, grandmother to twin 9 month old baby girls that live with me and the primary caregiver for my 83 year old grandmother I have always used and trusted Tide. However, with spills and messes I have always had to depend on pretreaters and chlorine-free bleach to have stain-free clothing. I dared to try one load with a few stained items- dried up chocolate ice cream mainly- and am ecstatic to have my laundry come out cleaner than ever without prescrubbing or pretreating! Thank you so so much for this product!', {'entities': [(170, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently purchased Tide Pods to do some laundry during a business trip. I had never used or purchased Tide before due to the cost of the product. After washing 2 loads of clothes with Tide Pods and subsequently wearing the clothes afterwards, I was impressed with how good they smelled. The scent stayed on the clothes practically the entire day. I don't know why, but I really liked that! Therefore, the scent of this detergent and the convenience of the pod alone will encourage me to purchase this product again. Way to go, P G. I think you've just earned a new customer.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my sample yesterday and was very excited about trying the pods. It was so easy to use just drop it into the washer and that is it. It was so nice not to have the little drops of laundry soap. You know the ones you get when you are measuring the amount of detergent. I was nicely surprised that it cleaned my cloths so well. I could go as far as to say that it cleaned as well if not better than most laundry soaps. I will be telling all my family and friends about this exciting new Product (Pods) from Tide. Thanks so much for the chance to try the pods out. Love It!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(514, 518, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For all these years, I thought soap was soap. But this weekend I tried new Tide with Acti Lift on my husband's white bathrobe, complete with lotion stains and a little coffee. It came out sparkling white-as-new and smells great! I'm convinced--Tide costs extra, but I don't need all the pre-treaters and oxy-soak products, so I'm probably ahead, after all. Mom had used nothing but Tide on the farm for over 50 years. Now I see why! I've switched!", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Tide HE Turbo clean to try and review, and although I received it for free this is my opinion. I had not even noticed my HE washer had a quicker cycle, guess I'm just too busy running laundry for a household of 7. I ran my quick cycle and it took 21 minutes off my wash time! Our clothes were clean, and smelled great. I priced Tide at local stores and it is more expensive than other detergents, that is the only downside I found. Cleaning wise it did what it says. It even removed a couple of old stains from the kids clothing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried this new Tide a few times, and really like the results! Normally, we use a 'free and clear' detergent because of skin sensitivities my husband has. I end up adding additional boosters and bleach to get the job done. The clothes I have washed with Tide always come out looking clean, without the boosters...and they smell wonderful!! (and, he hasn't complained about irritation!) I have used the detergent in both regular and speed wash settings, and have been pleased every time. Will be using more often, and recommending! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just recently got a HE washing machine, and my mom recommended the cheap stuff like Purex because the machine was not cheap at all. I used it, and disliked the wretched smell that it left on my clothes. I then saw Tide HE Powder in the store, and fell in love with the smell. I dont like the smell of the Liquid Tide, but the powder is phenominal, and my clothes smell wonderful, and I dont ever have to worry about finding a decent laundry detergent again! The Tide Creaters are genius', {'entities': [(216, 220, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have found by trial and error that nothing can beat Tide.', {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods do a great job with stains. Very helpful very easy to use! I love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best to use. we just had a baby and we use it and he has not broken out yea', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new tide pods. What an awesome product.. Works amazing, smells great and will be a huge space saver. Tide pods Rock!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are the best thing I have found for my black clothes. It does not leave detergent marks like other products.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the smell of my clothes washed in the new tide pods detergent. They were super clean as expected with a Tide product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide pods..it cleans my clothes good and my clothes smell great.:) Thank you Tide.:) Keep up the good work.:) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is just another example of another great product from a reliable company. I definitely suggest regular use of this new Acti-Lift Tide.', {'entities': [(134, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods didn't leave stains on the clothes, dissolved completely-as promised (even using it in cold water). I love when a product works the way it's supposed to! I'd buy this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love this new Tide HE. It left our clothes clean and fresh in half the time, love that its HE. Great scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Washing clothes is an art. And I get frustrated when I do not get a good wash. And Tide Pods gave that to me.', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods and downy have been my normal laundry aids for some time now.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cleans as you would expect Tide to...easy to use...would definately recommend.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods worked great in my high-efficiency washer. Other detergents that claim to work in high-efficiency washers provide too much soap and leave suds in the washer, but not Tide Pods. They seem to work as well as regular Tide detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never had an issue switching over to HE Tide, keeps everything clean and smelling great.', {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide always been my chose,past on from since my child hook.So when i got a tide pods sample,i found it was just be my choice from now on.No measuring,pull one out pot in,dose a excellent job.Tide just keep improving ever day.Love my TIDE. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My son (9) has bladder problems that leaves a urine smell on his clothes. Sometimes we have to wash them 2x to get the smell out. ONE POD PACK did the trick and left his clothes smelling GREAT the FIRST time. You have a Tide customer now !! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(220, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A great product. Convenient and easy to use. No measuring and cleans well. Represents the Tide brand well.', {'entities': [(90, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('LOVE LOVE LOVE these Tide Pods. I used to use Tide liquid and Downey but a friend told me about the pods. I swear my laundry comes out cleaner and smells so nice! My husband even asked me if I used something different cuz the laundry smelled so good!', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Used the Tide Pod this morning with a load of colored clothes in cold water. Was a bit concerned at first because I like a lot of suds'! But the clothes are clean and fresh and I would most assuredly purchase this product. (Price does matter though) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My experience with new unique Tide pods is most pleasurable.....No more messy and sometimes large and heavy boxes and bottles squeezed into my laundry cabinet. No more spills and waste when measuring... just simply drop a pod into the wash machine! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods were so easy to use, and work so well! I can't imagine ever using anything else. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After using Tide Pods i noticed my whites and colors where more bright and looked real clean and smelled real fresh.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm completely impressed with Tide's Acti-Life products. After washing some pillowcases with 3-day-old stains on them, I was so surprised to see the stains had come out. I didn't even pre-treat them. Thanks, Tide : )", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was blown away by how totally fantastic this product is! It's not only easy to use but my clothes came out bright white and the light colors vivid! I had a couple of stains before the wash and after they were gone without any scrubbing! This is a new innovation to laundry detergent! Thanks Tide This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(293, 297, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods worked great. Dissolved well and cleaned like my Liquid Tide. I liked that I didn't have to use both my Liquid Tide and my stain fighter. And while this is a good product for anyone, I think it's particularly great for college students. Very manageable and convenient. Two thumbs up! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just bought a washer that required HE detergent and have been confused about what brighteners and softeners I could use. Well, the New Tide Pods have made my life so easy! I don't have to worry whether I can use this or that. I am sold and will use Pods from now on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(137, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide of any kind I love it. I never get enough of it and trying the new ones as they come out make me love tide more not just from the name but smell and how clean it get my clothes.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The quality of the Acti-Lift is even better than original Tide. My clothes were definitely cleaner and brighter. The scent (Mountain Spring) was unusual at first, (because it reminded me of mens' cologne) but after the clothes had dried, the scent was quite lovely.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide exclusively for years and the product just keeps improving. Recently I purchased a high efficiency washing machine and the recommended detergent was Tide! The amount of soap you use is tiny and the clothes come out perfectly, stains gone like magic.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just pop and go makes laundry one of the easiest chores you can do. I love not having to measure detergent and getting the same great results as tide liquid detergent. The pods are an amazing design. Tide Pods are officially my favorite product for my laundry. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(200, 204, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Tide Pod in a package I purchased. Love it and will purchase! Highly recommend to others ... Thank you! A+++++', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of Tide Pods...and I can happily say that I was impressed! The cleaning power is just as good as any other Tide product, but the ease of use is awesome! Just drop in the wash and my family's clothes came out fresh and clean, ad stayed smelling great! These are a very innovative product and I can say that I will now be a loyal customer of Tide Pods! Thanks Tide!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had saved a particularly brutalized t-shirt my 6 year old had put through the rigors of family gardening day to try my Tide Pods sample on. Not only did the red clay, grass stains and minor boo boo blood come out, but the convenience of just dropping the pod in was awesome. I'm looking forward to the ease of using Tide Pods on our family vacations this summer too! Job well done Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods are very nice and easy to use.I'm not able to lift bottles, with the pod you simply drop it in. It kept my whites bright.A very nice idea when I have to go to the laundramat I don't have to worry about someone helping to carry the heavy bottles This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had not realized Tide Pods could be used in the energy efficient front loading washers. How wonderful to see that He on the packaging.', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I started using Tide pods about 3 months ago and I will continue to use it from now on. I have always used Tide liquid detergent and decided to try the pods with amazing results. My laundry smelled wonderful and was clean with no residue. I have read the reviews about the plastic package not disolving but I have not had this problem...although I do not use a high efficiency washer (uses much less water)', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Noticed spots on my teen son's jacket. He said they'd been there for a long time. I decided to try Tide Pod sample on the jacket without pre-treating. I washed it in warm water along with his jeans. The jacket came out of the wash with the spots gone and the load had no fading. Had a really nice light fragrance when I put my nose up to the jacket collar. Not overpowering. Two Thumbs up for Tide Pods!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The ease and convenience of Tide Pods can not be beat. No more measuring or spilled laundry soap, just throw it in and you are done. Clothes come out bright and fresh! 5 stars Tide- Thank you!', {'entities': [(28, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a great product. I have always remembered detergent packs from when I was a small child called Salvo . They were great. No mess, just toss is a packet. I always wondered why they discontinued this concept and I am very glad it is back. Far less storage room needed and no mess from spilled detergent. Thanks Tide! I would never dream of using any other product. There isn't anything Tide cannot get out.", {'entities': [(316, 320, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years! When they came out with the Acti-Lift, I was tickled pink! My husband gets food on EVERYTHING and doesn't tell me! So, on laundry day, I always have a surprise waiting for me. Tide works every time! Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using the Tide Pods for quite some time and have had no issues. I drop it in once I start the water in the washer and then put in my clothes. I have had none of the issues some people have had with the purple spots. I use them in every load of laundry and I think they work great. Very easy to use and generally last much longer than a bottle of liquid detergent. I think it's a great product and will continue to use them.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I purchased front loader washer and dryer set about a year ago. I wasn't fond of the small drawer and compartments you had to try and get all your different products in. The Tide Pod changed all this. Toss in the washer drum and it's done. No more dripping bottles of detergent. No more trying to get that small drawer shut before the water splashed in. The Pods are a huge step forward in laundry care. Thank you Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(189, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I very much enjoyed the bright clean I got when I used Tide pods. There was no residue, the pod dissolved completely, and all of the clothes felt and smelled newly washed. I also felt I could tell a brightness after just one wash. I would love to see a Tide pod bleach alternative that I could throw in with just my white to get an even bright clean. Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent I use. I love how the pod has the detergent,stain fighter brightener all in one. Right now I use Tide detergent + Tide stain release but with the pod I would only have to buy 1 product. In the long run it will save money plus you won't have to lug around the heavy liquid bottle. My laundry came out great with the pod and it was easy and convenient to use. I will definitely be buying the pod after I finish up my liquid Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I should have known that I would fall in love with this product...now it's the only laundry detergent that I want to use. I immediately noticed a change in my clothes when I used the new Tide Pods. They were brighter, cleaner, softer, the stains were gone, and they smelled amazing! I've always been a huge fan of Tide and now there's no measuring or trying to decide how much soap to use. It's easy-peasy to just toss in the pod, toss in my load and go! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Tide Pods. Great on stains and dirt. My husband works in law enforcement and is a firefighter, I work in healthcare and we have a 21 year old and a 5 year old....so I have all kinds of dirt and stains to get out of laundry. Pods work wonders in getting out all the set in dirt and grime and help bring the colors back out in our clothes. Thanks TIDE! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years as my mother did.Nothing better,I tryed the Tide with Acti Lift and I was amased at the results,My clothes have never looked better. I would tell every one out there to give this a try.You will be useing it for ever as I will.Tide keep it up you're the best. Thank You, From Va.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product was a great addition to my HE washer. I received a free sample of Tide HE Turbo Clean to try and I'll be honest, I was a little skeptical at first because you use so much less product than with other detergents. I have three boys who love to play outside so you can imagine how dirty their clothes can get. I washed their clothes on the quick cycle setting without pretreating and to my disbelief the clothes came out AMAZINGLY clean. I will definitely be adding Tide HE Turbo Clean to my hectic lifestyle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Used Tide all my life. I've tried others but I always come back to Tide.", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received a sample of Tide Pods and I love them!!! They are quick and easy, smell wonderful, and definitely cleaned my teenage son's sheets beautifully. Thanks This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got a sample in the mail, tried it immediately! It definitely changed my mind on Tide products! Made laundry less of chore! I will be changing my usually brand to Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really like the Tide pods. They take away any mess or spills that might occur. Drop it in the water and add your laundry - that's all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Such an amazing product, I didn't receive a sample but I absolutely love these Tide Pods, thank you for an amazingly fabulous product!!", {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent me and my whole family purchase. We have kids that love to get grass stains all over their clothes especially with them playing sports and i just spot treat it with my Tide and put it in the wash BOOM its gone!! Love the new scents my favorite is Clean Breeze and April Fresh. Buy it I promise you won't want to go back to any other. Awesome job Tide LOVE this product keep on making it for HE!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am picky about my detergent. I have three small children and do a lot of laundry. Pods keep our clothes clean and fresh! Another great product from Tide!', {'entities': [(150, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Tide in this size. Lasts longer and cleans clothes better in our country water.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been doing laundry now for over 26 years. And during most of that time I had used Era because it was more affordable and felt that Tide was just an extravagance I couldn't afford. I WISH I USED IT 26 YEARS AGO! I got a new HE washer and decided to use the Tide HE for my machine. I could not believe how much cleaner my clothes got using this detergent. If there is somewhere else to pinch pennies, it isn't with laundry detergent! As far as pouring from the cap, or spigot, I don't use either because I can't really lift that huge bottle, but I buy the smaller bottles and refill those. I don't measure using the cap either, as I pour directly from the bottle to the washing machine dispenser. Clean, no drip, nothing to wipe up and accurate measuring every time. :) Now if my machine would just work right I would be happy again.", {'entities': [(138, 142, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hello, I am a TIDE generational user. My grandma, mom, and all my aunts use only TIDE. I have 3 sisters who all use TIDE and 4 sister-in -laws that all use TIDE. If someone ask you to pick up some laundry detergent while you are out you know to buy TIDE...there is no other brand in our family. Growing up in a large family on a farm momma had to have a detergent that she could depend on to get our clothes clean in cold water. This was well before the cold water detergents existed. As a younger I tried other brands , but always came back to TIDE. Now that I am older I really understand what momma taught us when it came to money.......you can either buy the right stuff the first time to the job done or you can spend 2xs the money. I buy only TIDE . Once my husband did the shopping and came back with another brand, even my 5 year old daughter knew it was going back to the store. She said Daddy we use TIDE in the bright orange bottle. I guess she will grow up to be another faithful TIDE user. Thanks Tide for helping me save time and money so I ca focus on the important things in life.............my family', {'entities': [(1010, 1014, 'PRODUCT')]})
('They are awesome! I bought a front loader set about a 3 years ago thinking it would work better than a top loader. (NOT) I have a family of 5 and a whole bunch of smelly towels after the wash, they would smell sower. I did everything. Different detergents / all the tide products and fabric softeners. I found we were way more portions per load to get them to smell good, which cost more, but it also gummed up the dispenser in the washer. I wanted to through the washer out and find an old school top loader. But from the very first time I tried the Pods By the directions and It worked! After a few washes the smelly towels are turning out great! Not to mention, the washer is cleaner and smells great as well. Also I am getting the number of washes that it says on the container, Yayy saving more money for Gas :) Thanks for the Pods Tide.', {'entities': [(837, 841, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is a great, reliable product. Now in the convenience of a pod. Love it!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use only Tide. It has proven to stand up to the claim of lifting stains and providing fressh clean results.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the Spring Meadow 72 pack of Tide Pods, and I love them! No mess, no measuring, and goes great with Downy. I use the Tide Pods, and the Downy Double Upgrade, and it is amazing. I have already reccomended Tide Pods to family, and friends. I love them, and am going to continue using them. Great product!', {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried Tide Pods for my self and I would say they are a great buy! You drop it in the washer and put clothes in and walk away. For a busy mom that is great. It cleans, and brightens and you don't have to worry about adding any extra stuff like bleach. I'm hooked and will not go back to regular liquid again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so excited to receive the sample in the mail. I only use Tide and will never change. The pods are GREAT!!!!! So easy to use and no more buying bottles of liquid or bleach. Tide has hit a home run with this one! It really takes the work out of wash day. Thanks Tide for coming to my rescue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical at first as to why use Tide Pods. After using the sample i recieved i am a total believer and user of this product now. It makes the laundry task simple, just start the washer..throw in a pod and be done with the cleanest, freshest and brightest laundry result. I am also happy that it is good for our eco system as less plastic jugs to fill up our landfills. Very impressed and hopefully the world catches on! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using these tiny Tide Pods I was really impressed how clean my laundry was... I'd say just as clean as my normal Tide liquid detergent but the pods store better. Awesome product!", {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Tide pods, they make my clothes look good and smell fresh.', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You can't beat Tide. If you forget the clothes in the machine, you usually don't have to rewash. Stains come out the first wash.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would never use anything but Tide liquid. My clothes come out really clean and they smell great. Throughout the years I have tried other brands and none come close to being as good as Tide liquid.', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the entire concept of the new TIDE pods! TIDE pods are a very innovative product that are simple, and quick to use regardless of what water temperature you choose to wash your clothing items in. I enjoyed making my first Tide Pod purchase in the store and finding out that they come in a variety of scents! While I was deciding which scent to buy, several other customers were debating if they should try this wonderful new innovation, in which I told them look at it this way: with liquid or powder detergent it is human instinct to overpour/fill/use...with the pods Tide takes the guess work out of the equation and you know you will at least get the amount of loads the packaging states. Everyone in the area at the time picked up a package of the pods to purchase. Thanks TIDE for producing another product that I am confident in recommending to others! Sincerely, A loyal TIDE customer! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(228, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using this Tide. Great product.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has been in my laundry room for many years. I have tried less expensive detergents only to come back to it. With walmart I can afford to.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All I buy is Tide. Love it!', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used and trusted Tide - Never thought it could get better, but it did - The Pods are wonderful - no measuring and fuss - Now if you could add fabric softener you would have it all!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Wonderful! Clothes feel great and are very clean. I've tried other brands with a similar concept and have been very disappointed. Tide is leading the market here. I highly recommend this product!", {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved this product that I received free from Tide. Even on quick wash all the dirt and stains came out of my kids clothes!', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE Turbo Clean detergent is superior to the other detergents I have used. I am beyond happy, thank you for making doing wash so much easier.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought my HE washer with smart dispence 6 months ago. I have used Tide only for years. There was no doubt Tide HE was going into the new machine. It works great! My clothes still look great.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pods cleaned better than the gain I have been previously using. My husband does construction work and has really dirty clothes. The pods did an amazing job!!! Since trying the sample I have changed to the pods for good great job Tide!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(233, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a Love/Hate relationship with laundry. I love clean clothes, but my family is very hard on clothing. Lots of stains to remove. This product really did take out the stains and brighten the clothes--AND our clothes smelled awesome. Thank you, Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(248, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the Tide Acti-Lift detergent last time I went to the store. I think it works fantastic. I really like the scent of the Clean Breeze and I use that scent in both the Tide and Downy. Great product!', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide pods are easy to use, with no mess. Great product, with all in one.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A great improvement on an already great product. Have tried many different detergents over the years but Tide is my only real choice. The Acti-Lift is a real help. Forgot to pre-treat a stain, but came out clean with new Tide!', {'entities': [(105, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Tide Pods - so convenient, and the clothes smell nice. Would recommend to all my friends and family members.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide Pods and I LOVE IT!! I have always been a tide customer but would switch to a sale detergent to cut costs but since trying Tide Pods, I will never switch again! This product is amazing! My clothes have never smelled so good. I truly love it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried all kinds of detergents and Tide is just the best!", {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been a Tide fan, and I LOVE Tide Pods! It makes it super easy for my children to do their own laundry with no mess! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide for approximately 30years as did my Mom. Technology can only improve on perfection so much. I'll buy this until the future can produce something better, which I personally don't forsee. Thanks for a wonderful product.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like using the Tide Pods now. Oh my, was I surprised!! It really cleans well and even in cold water.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('With one Tide pod no mess simple enough for my daughter to even do a load of laundry left closthes so clean and fresh. Thank you Tide', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used Liquid Tide since it came out (and now Liquid Tide HE), now directly on stains. Use it as soon as I notice a stain, then put clothes in hamper. When it is time to wash, it is dry, so there's no mess in the laundry room or Laundromat. Use it with Tide HE Pods. Wouldn't use anything else!", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was pleasantly surprised in how much cleaner my clothes were after using the pods vs. regular liquid Tide Detergent. The pods are so much easier to use, I tend to have drips from the laundry detergent end up on my washing machine. This will not happen anymore using the pods. Thank you Proctor Gamble for developing such a wonderful product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(103, 107, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ease of the Tide PODS. Toss them in and close the door. Even my kids can do their own laundry!', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I can always count on Tide to safely clean my clothes and prevent color fading. Would highly recommend this product. Love the new Spring Meadow Scent as well.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on tide and I will continue to use Tide, I must admit I have tried other brands yet I always return to Tide liquid, After trying other brands I can clearly see the difference in my families clothes, The material is cleaner and fresher and the colors including my whites are a whole lot brighter. Whole lot. thank you', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Pods since they came out on the market. I love how easy they are to use and how clean they make my clothes.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I didn't know what to expect from the Tide pod, but I am very pleased that the laundry is very clean and smells great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My clothes came out clean and fresh! I like it because it is less packaging. Easy to transport. I have been using Tide for over 35 years. Still love it! I have tried all the others. But always come back to Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was happy to find the pod worked as well as it said it would. Not only are the whites clean, and truly white - not dinghy, but the colors all look like new. They smell fresh, and not perfumed. Thank you, Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(206, 210, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thanks for sending me a sample. I love Tide Pods! They are so much easier than a bottle. Take one out of the package, throw it in the washer, and forget about it. Clothes come out clean, and fresh smelling. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has been my preference for years. This new product is very impressive in convenience, cleaning and stain removal. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I hate pouring detergent and these individual pods make doing laundry easier and faster ... and Tide continues to outperform all other brands by keeping my clothes looking brand new!', {'entities': [(96, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thoroughly enjoy using Tide Pods for laundry - there is no measuring and no spilled detergent. They are convenient and do a great job cleaning my family's clothes.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are so convenient and easy to use. My older boys can even throw in a load of laundry! They work just as great as regular Tide. Definitely recommend! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are excellent at cleaning clothes. They save time and money since the stain remover and detergent are in 1! Another great product from Tide and PG!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Tide. But recently I used the pods recently and I would like to say my clothes come out clean and smell fresh. All you have to do is toss one in and let it do its job. Keep coming up with great prodcuts!', {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the smell of the new Tide pods. My laundry looked great after washing and was very clean. I have well water and having a brightening agent is a great addition to laundry soap. Thanks for making a great new product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband had a stroke and can not use his right arm, now he is learning how to do things again. I have always used Tide and the pods work just as well with my front load washer, but the pods puts hope in my heart that he will continue to advance and feel useful again. Thank you Tide This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(117, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS have worked so well for my family, we use them a lot. The smell of clean laundry really stays in the clothes!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this brand and the pods are concentrated and do not cause any mess when pouring since they are in a plastic coating that melts right away in the wash. Works just like regular Tide, only better!', {'entities': [(182, 186, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Pods for quite some time now. The pods are very easy to use. Just take one out of the bag and pop it into the washing machine. So much easier and cleaner than powder detergent!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the simplicity of Tide Pods. No more measuring out liquid detergent! I didn't care for the scent at first (Spring Meadow), but it's grown on me and my laundry smells really fresh and clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("To make it short and sweet, I've tried most every laundry detergent there is and found out Tide cleans best, including tough stains, leaving your laundry smelling fresh and feeling soft.", {'entities': [(91, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I could not ask for an easier way to get stains out. The best part is that I do not have to buy more than 1 product to do it. Tide is awesome.', {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other detergents but Tide works best by far. My Daughter has sensitive skin and Tide is the only detergent that does not cause a rash. The smell is great I just wish I could get fabric softener that has the same scent!', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Husband bought these by accident. After getting aggravated at him, I was going to bring these back to the store. I am so glad that I decided to give these a try. They work great- so wonderfully easy to use, and like regular Tide, clothes come out clean and smelling wonderful!!', {'entities': [(224, 228, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide pod was so easy. All I did was load the washer, throw in the pod and that was it. My clothes came out perfect. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only does this product smell good and clean clothes well, it's easy for kids to use. My son is 13 and needs to start learning to do laundry. These will make it so very easy. I won't have to worry about him using too much soap in my HE washer. Thank you Tide! Your the best", {'entities': [(257, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love the new Tide PODS.It worked great to remove the grease and grime from my work clothes. The only draw back I have found is if the pod doesnt dissolve totally it will harden on your clothes in the dryer. Has anyone found a way to remove this It ruined one of my work shirts,, But I continue to use the pods.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had saved a particularly brutalized t-shirt my 6 year old had put through the rigors of family gardening day to try my Tide Pods sample on. Not only did the red clay, grass stains and minor boo boo blood come out, but the convenience of just dropping the pod in was awesome. I'm looking forward to the ease of using Tide Pods on our family vacations this summer too! Job well done Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods leave clothes feeling fresh and clean. The scent lasts all day and clothes are left feeling soft and colors aren't faded!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother used nothing but Tide and mostly neither have I my whole life. I really like the original but I loved, loved, loved the lavendar and vanilla scent. I used it only for sheets and towels and I really miss that wonderful smell. If I had know I wouldn't be able to get it anytime I want, I would have bought up all of the bottles I could find. Please bring it back!!!", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've seen this product in stores but never considered buying it. Having sampled it, I've now converted to using Tide PODS. No more bulky containers. No more spilled liquid detergent. Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(112, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
('From time to time I have ventured out and tried other products, but I always come back to Tide. The smell of the original fragrance Tide in my washer, reminds me of Mom and washday when I was a child. Not only does Tide clean my clothes better, but it gives me a warm feeling of home. Thanks Tide for keeping things right, and always giving me a good, honest product that I can trust to do just what it says.', {'entities': [(90, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide Pods for a couple of months now. I have a front loading washer and had only one instance that the pod did not dissolve. I like this product because it's not messy, just toss it and start. My clothes are clean and smell great! However, I am not doing laundry for football team members or someone that works in an industry where cloths get very dirty. I don't know how you would deal with heavy duty loads and this product.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After getting so frustrated with using so much detergent, Tide Pods flashed across my TV and I decided to give it a shot. IT WAS AMAZING. Don't have to guess if I used the right amount of detergent and I use lavender dryer sheets which work well with Spring Meadow. I tell everyone to switch to Pods, they are so simple, keep my clothes smelling great and my husband loves the smell. I just got my mother in law to buy them as well. THANK YOU!", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("To the lady who ruined her sons jersey. Spray Oxyclean laundry and stain remover on the stained area, rub a little and let sit for 5 minutes. This same thing happened to me. The stain comes right out after a few minutes soak and a hot wash. I just love the Tide Sports detergent. I hate the rest as they don't do a good job anymore. They are all very watery and they don't get the stains out, EXCEPT the Sports detergent LOVE IT and it works and smells great. I don't even have to use fabric softner. Great Product!!!!", {'entities': [(257, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Recently my boyfriend and I purchased tide pods, ocean mist. It is by far one of the best purchases I made. I've only used tide once or twice before, and we just decided after purchasing Tide Pods that from now on that's what we are purchasing. The smell is great, our clothes look and feel cleaner. It was a great purchase. I feel you get what you pay for in Tide. I love Tide and I won't go back to the other laundry detergents. Thank you Tide!!!", {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always prefer Tide. Compared to other laundry detergents it's the best quality with satisfying results.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is undoubtfully the best product in the market. I just don't mean detergents. It is the best product considering every product category. Every aspect: packaging, presentation, performance, varieties, odor and P G customer service make this article a truly unique product whose tremendous success would be virtually impossible to duplicate. Kudos to Procter Gamble for the best product in the world.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide since I ventured out on my own in the world over ten years ago. I have used only tide on my clothes since. I refuse to use anything else. I even buy a small bottle of tide when I visit my relatives where I can use their washers. I know tide keeps my clothes fresh. It keeps my clothes looking new and it also gets stains out. I pour a small amount on a set in stain and let it sit a while before I wash and it comes out. I love, love this product and will continue to use it for the rest of my life.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used tide for years and love it. Nothing like the smell of tide and downey together! Tide has removed even washed and dried stains in my clothing. I pre spot them let them sit over night and boom the stain is gone. I also use the Febreeze Tide in my Rug Doctor on my carpets and Furniture. The room smells so clean after and the dirt comes right out of the carpet. No need for expensive rug shampoos. I would not use any other detergent other than tide! The Febreeze sport has an awesome smell! thanks Tide!', {'entities': [(92, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After reading some reviews I had to write my own. I have been a Tide user for over 19 years. When I switched to the pods I fell in love. I have a HE front load washer. Putting the pod in first and then the clothes lets the water get to the pod and dissolve it. My son mixed it with the clothes and found it didn't dissolve all the way. It eliminates the left over detergent in the bottle and I know exactly how many loads can be washed. Sent my son off to college with his pods. It's really important that people remember to put the pod in first.", {'entities': [(64, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide should be a star on Broadway for its cleaning performance! If you want to know exactly what a powerful, cleaning laundry detergent can do than purchase this product. It is well worth the . In today's economy where ever penny is budgeted, Tide may seem a bit too pricey....BUT, I would rather budget in a product that powers out stains leaving clothes clean. It is certainly cheaper than buying new ones! Go Ahead and Try Tide. I am almost certain that you will love what this little powerhouse can do!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to say I was skeptical at first. I work in the automotive field and get my clothes super dirty. I put one tide pod in my front load machine and all the grease and oil on my work clothes vanished. Tide is the only detergent that I have been using for over a year now and I am very happy with the results on the tide pods. I will be purchasing much more of tide pods as the results speak for themselves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(203, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Normally, I buy Arm Hammer laundry detergent. However, I was doing laundry at a friend's place and they suggested I use their pods so I wouldn't have to grad a huge bottle of detergent out of the car. I love them!!! Like my friend, I wash everything on cold, and don't normally separate the colors as long as delicates or new clothes aren't involved. I experienced no problem with the pods dissolving in the cold water, nor stains of any kind even when I washed a very heavy winter sleeping bag. Everything came out clean and smelling wonderfully. I'm now using the pods myself, and love that I can put a couple of pods in my hamper since I have to carry it down the stairs and down the block. The product is wonderful, though I do agree that either a lighter scent, or an unscented option be made available. Over all, I love this product, and have permanently switched! Thank you Tide!", {'entities': [(881, 885, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product works better than any of the many other products I have used for laundry. It seem to take stains out better than other products and mostly eliminates the need for stain removal products. I have found that I can use less Tide than other products to achieve the same results.', {'entities': [(233, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVED the Tide Pods! They work great and make your laundry smell wonderful. I would recommend them to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide original! I think it's a terrific product.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE gives my laundry the clean freshness I want.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked the the new Tide pods. So easy and convenient. My clothes came out clean and fresh! I would buy it again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just got mine and I decided to try it on blankets so they could be stored and wow they smelled so fresh Thank You Tide This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Tide product worked wonders. All our clothes, even my 2 year old and 8 month old clothes, came out clean and fresh. We'll definitely be purchasing this product! Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods detergent works very well, easy to trow in and I love the smell, very fresh!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pods are great because is easy for use and clean my cloths. Thanks Tide, This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I have been using tide for 24 years. A couple of years ago I purchased a HE washer. Love Tide's product for that. We love the fragrance free. Great product. Would not switch to anything else.", {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother used Tide for years, I've used Tide 50 yrs. the pods are great try them. I did", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide products and use it every time I wash my sheets for a great smelling sleep.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the way to go.The aroma and the whiteness and the brightness after clothing have been washed in Tide is breadth taking.Every new addition to tide comes with a different experience.This will be a long lasting product . GO TIDE DO YOUR THING', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a full size front load w/d in our apartment (rare in NY) and Tide Pods are easy to use and keep the w/d clean.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had my doubts about this small packet!!!!! Did not believe this product would clean the load of clothes I washed. To my surprise it cleaned them and they smelled good. Keep up the good work. I hope that Tide will be more economical in the future!!!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(205, 209, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was shocked how great these pods work. I normally used Tide Free liquid but had to add things where stains were present. These Tide Pods got ALL problem stains out the first time! Amazing is what I call these Pods just try them you'll see............", {'entities': [(57, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide HE liquid now. I was only using powder in the beginning. My local store ran out of the powder so I got some of the liquid. I am very happy. Once I figured out the appropriate amount of the liquid to use in my machine it has been fantastic. I have had no problems with build up, but then again I do regular sanitizing maintenance on my machine which is required with any HE machine. Even a tech said my machine was looking great. I don't know about the animal fat thing, but I know this much. If animal fat makes it clean so well, bring on the animal fat! Then again animal fat doesn't rinse out of clothes with water, but Tide HE liquid does. Hmmm, go figure.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I sent our at the time 2 month old son to his grandparents house one night so we could have a break from the baby. The next day when the grandparent's brought baby home they told us they had done his laundry. After they left I got into the diaper bag to put his clothes away to find that the laundry my husband's mom had washed smelled AMAZING! We asked her what she used and she told us Tide and Downy. My (now) 4 1/2 month old loves it (always has) and I swear he sleeps better with his clothes washed in Tide! Sounds crazy, I know! We'll never use anything but Tide again!", {'entities': [(403, 407, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always worked best for us Love it', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All I want to say is I LOVE THEM. They are so easy to use and do a great job of getting my clothes clean. A big SALUTE to Tide for the new pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 126, 'PRODUCT')]})
('No more measuring, making sure to add the stain remover, no more worries!! You just drop the Tide Pod in the washer and you are done! Love it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(93, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved using Tide and now with the pods their is no measuring. Just throw a pod in the wash and let Tide do the rest. Thanks Tide This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are great, and very easy to use, and they make your laundry smell so clean and fresh, i wish i had tried them a long time ago, Thank you Tide,', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide cleans my clothes beautifully. This product is amazing in that it's all in one, and is better for the environment--less packaging, awesome results. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods....they are wonderful, they leave my clothes smelling wonderful and I would recommend them to anyone who loves great smelling clothes!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are great. I had to change to a different detergent for my new HE washer and these are so easy. Throw it in and forget it. LOVE THEM! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family of four really loves the ease of using Tide Pods! But does it come in unscented Would love the product even more if it were unscented!', {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a HE washer and find this little pod works very well. Easy to use and only need 1 packet with fabric softner. Tide is 1 for me Pods are super!', {'entities': [(117, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have always used Tide products and this is by far my favorite', {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I washed a sock using my regular brand of detergent and one using the new pod. The sock washed with the Tide Pod was brighter. My jeans even appeared softer and brighter. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Tide because I can always count on a clean load every time. I feel that if I use other detergents, my clothes aren't getting totally clean and will have detergent residue.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My sons play baseball and both wear white pants. Tide HE works wonders on the dirt, grass and Gatorade stains. The original scent is clean and fresh without being too flowery.', {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It is convenient, easy, efficient, and cost effective for a student. Thank you Tide for making his washing and cleaning simpler.', {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and have used it for years. I never use any other product.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had a white rug in front of my patio door while using the door alot during rainy weather the rug was what I thought completely ruined. One wash in the Tide Acti-Lift and it was completely white again. The freash clean smell filled the room and it's bright white appearance was amazing! Good job Tide!!!", {'entities': [(153, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for at least the past 15 years or more. Since I am an open person, I will admit that at times, I have tried other, BUT always return to my TIDE. I love it. Your clothes smell clean, are clean, helps to remove stains. What else can you ask for! So why change when you got the best', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used different versions of Tide and was very happy and the Pods are following suit! Not only were they convenient, they worked spectacularly and I will continue to recommend and use Tide Pods This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my sample today and tried it a few hours later. I would like to say that the Tide Pods did a wonderful job on my wash, and they are also very convenient to use. From now on I will be using the Tide Pods all of the time. I will also be sure to tell all of my family and friends just how wonderful they are. Thank you for sending me your samples. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(88, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved that the Tide pods were a three in one. They are so small and compact, I didn't have to worry about carrying around a big bottle of detergent to the laundry room and back. I toss it in the beginning of the wash and let it do it's thing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide to get my whites their whitest. I have 3 kids that never cease to amaze me with how dirty they get. From chocolate pudding on my daughter's white polo(school uniform) to dirt and grass on my son's from playing football at recess. My oldest daughter playing soccer and cheerleading. She and her friends love to do both in their white socks. So not only are her uniforms filthy so are her socks. But Tide gets it all clean every time!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always loved Tide - the first time I saw the add for Tide Pods I knew I had to try them!! I will tell you what - they could not have come at a better time - if you are doing laundry at home or if you are on vacation and have access to a machine there WOW Pods are the way to go!! Not only the wonderful Tide that you know and love but how much easier can a pod be Great Job again Tide!!', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love these pods. Over the years Ive tried all detergents and this one surpasses all of them. I am a Tide user and fine that the pods make my wash day so much easier. NO MORE GETTING UP TO PUT OTHER PRODUCTS IN THE WASH TO GET BETTER RESULTS. AT 70 YRS OLD THIS IS A BIG PLUS.Thanks Tide', {'entities': [(100, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used tide. I purchased the big one that has the push button liquid release. Messy! It would drip, have a messy cup, ans god forbid the cat gets a hold of it. Now... Tide Pods :) no more mess, no rinsing the cup, no more drips. Thank you tide for making a cleaner laundry room!', {'entities': [(179, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a problem with using to much liquid now I have the pods we just pop one in and start the load our clothes come out smelling great and the stain lifter plus brightener works great our clothes have never looked so good my 5 year old son loves to help with the laundry now Thanks Tide.', {'entities': [(283, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other brands to try and budget so to speak, but no other brand than Tide will get ANY stain ( grease, the famous red mud of NC, ink, etc) out! My husband is an assistant Fire Marshal and has to go in burned buildings- the smell is pungent- Tide does the trick EVERY time!', {'entities': [(81, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just tried this product and I love it! No more measuring or spills from liquid detergent bottles. Just toss it in the washer. The Tide Pod does the rest! Clothes come out smelling fresh and clean. Tide is my long-time favorite detergent but the new Tide Pods make laundry days even easier! Way to go Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide pods are easy to use, disintegrate with no trace of powder and powerful enough where I only need 1 or 2 pods for my laundry loads in order to get my clothes clean and stain-free. love it!!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Easy to use, no measuring and works great in my HE machine. I'm sold on Tide Pods. Still gives that fresh tide smell and great cleaning. No more liquid detergent for this guy!!!", {'entities': [(72, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
('New Tide Pods make laundry easy enough for me to trust my kids to do it. My clothes come out clean without the work of pretreating them first. I found my new favorite laundy soap! Thank you Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After reading through some of these reviews it seems that a lot of people are adding the pods to their laundry after adding their clothes and then starting the cycle. Why would you do that I have been using the pods for a while now and have never had a problem. I put one in my machine (non HE) let it dissolve and THEN add my clothes. I can't say what would happen if a massive flood occurred in my laundry room, but I'm guessing that ruined detergent would be the least of my problems. I don't think Tide are claiming that their packaging is air and water tight and could withstand nuclear attack. I feel like a little common sense would go a long way...", {'entities': [(502, 506, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always been a tide user. Buying the liquid form for many years. While grocery shopping for my 3 year old I went to buy my bottle of tide. He seen the pods and was like, pop goes the world, you have to buy tide pods mom! I did, it was so much more convenient to do laundry for a family of seven. My older kids can do laundry without getting me to help measure, simple toss in the pod. I told my mother the story of her grandson insisting on the pods, she tried them and now she is also a fan. Thank you Tide for taking care of my family's clothes for years.", {'entities': [(509, 513, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would definitely recommend Tide pods to anyone. A+++', {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a premature baby, so many restrictions at hand one of the restrictions was no strong scents. I had to make many changes from my body wash to my cleaning supplies however the only item that I did not have to change was my Tide detergent, strong enough to remove the tough stains but soft enough for my baby, Today I am removing milk stains and tomorrow I will be removing grass stains from his clothes! Thanks again Tide!!!', {'entities': [(227, 231, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently bought this product for my brand new HE washer. When I used it, I couldn't believe how clean it got my family's clothes! A little goes a long way. Thank you Tide!", {'entities': [(168, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was always hesitant about buying Tide because it seems to cost more. I thought all laundry detergents were pretty much the same. Boy, was I wrong. Not only does the Tide seem to get the stains and dirt out on the first wash, it also leaves my family's clothes fresh smelling. Definitely staying with Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this product. It is so easy to use, and it WORKS! I used it in a load of whites and if you know how dirty your socks get in Ga. dirt while gardening, you know what my socks look like after doing it. They came clean. I was shocked. Was a 1st that there was no yellow stains left. Thanks Tide for this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(293, 297, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide PODS have true cleaning power! A pod that packs a punch on dirt! Wow! I will be adding these little power packs to my wash routine. They also leave my laundry smelling fresh!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother used nothing but Tide and mostly neither have I my whole life. I really like the original but I loved, loved, loved the lavendar and vanilla scent. I used it only for sheets and towels and I really miss that wonderful smell. If I had know I wouldn't be able to get it anytime I want, I would have bought up all of the bottles I could find. Please bring it back!!!", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on Tide products it has always been a staple in my family. Today I put liquid Tide to the test by attempting to remove years of stubborn oil stains on my driveway. I have had a car with a major oil leak, left it parked on the driveway for a year before getting rid of it. It left behind an ugly oil slick on the driveway. I was able to remove the slick portion of the stain with commercial driveway cleaners, but it never got rid of the permanent black stain it left behind until I decided to pour some liquid Tide on it. I let it soak in for about 15 minutes, and then rinsed with a high power hose. It miraculously worked. Once the drive way was dry, I could begin to see the blackness disappear. I treated this stain twice this way with positive results. The third time, I used a scrub brush with the Tide to get the last of it clean and I have no black stains anymore. Makes me wish I took before and after pictures. Thank you Tide.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My clothes smell so clean when using Tide, they smell fresh and clean, just perfume-y like other detergents I've used in the past, and it cleans so much better. And I don't have to use as much as other detergents. I am in love with Tide Original Scent, it's a clean smell.", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I won't use anything but Tide! I have used it since I was first on my own. I tried others, but never cleaned good enough or someone in my family was allergic.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using a cheaper detergent for a number of years and found I always had to use more to get my clothes clean. I picked up Tide the other day and used the same amount as my other detergent and had to run the washer twice because I had suds still on my clothes after it was through. Learned my lesson there and now I know that Tide is not any more expensive than the other brands because you don't have to use as much and love the smell of my clothes. Will be using Tide for now on. It cleans better using less detergent. Love it!!! :)", {'entities': [(132, 136, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is undoubtfully the best product in the market. I just don't mean detergents. It is the best product considering every product category. Every aspect: packaging, presentation, performance, varieties, odor and P G customer service make this article a truly unique product whose tremendous success would be virtually impossible to duplicate. Kudos to Procter Gamble for the best product in the world.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Tide to get the stains out with out fading or beach spots. I like the smell of Tide the smell of clean. I know that Tide wont harm my washer. Keep up the good work to all that make Tide.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other detergents and always come back to Tide, it makes my clothes smell good and keeps the color and whitens everything. I would recommend this product to everyone.', {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother uses Tide, all my 5 siblings use Tide. The cleaning power is unsurpassed. I will pass this generational info down to my children and grandchildren. I love and trust it and the tide pen is a got to have everywhere you go.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently purchased a HE Front-Load washer, and I had used the powder version of Tide previously, and I just didn't like it as much. The liquid version of Tide is great! I have tried both scents, and the Original Scent is the best in my opinion. It has a very fresh and clean scent, and it makes your clothes smell great! The product cleans clothes wonderfully. Would highly recommend this product!", {'entities': [(82, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hello, I am a TIDE generational user. My grandma, mom, and all my aunts use only TIDE. I have 3 sisters who all use TIDE and 4 sister-in -laws that all use TIDE. If someone ask you to pick up some laundry detergent while you are out you know to buy TIDE...there is no other brand in our family. Growing up in a large family on a farm momma had to have a detergent that she could depend on to get our clothes clean in cold water. This was well before the cold water detergents existed. As a younger I tried other brands , but always came back to TIDE. Now that I am older I really understand what momma taught us when it came to money.......you can either buy the right stuff the first time to the job done or you can spend 2xs the money. I buy only TIDE . Once my husband did the shopping and came back with another brand, even my 5 year old daughter knew it was going back to the store. She said Daddy we use TIDE in the bright orange bottle. I guess she will grow up to be another faithful TIDE user. Thanks Tide for helping me save time and money so I ca focus on the important things in life.............my family', {'entities': [(1010, 1014, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love the Tide HE. Discovered it quite by accident and have been in love with it ever since. I was having problems with my regular Tide or any other detergent causing great amounts of suds in the front loader washer. I didn't even know they made the HE and picked it up by accident. First thing I noticed is that it didn't cause excessive sudsy which meant they machine didn't go thru several rinse cycles to get rid of all the foam. Haven't used anything else since. And everything is so clean looking and fresh smelling.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for years. Having to clean trucking grease out of uniforms, t-shirts and everything else is tough but, Tide gets it out everytime. We have tried everything else out there and nothing ever got the smell or the stains out except Tide.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My new front loader has a drawer on the front that I have to pour the detergent into. I have always used the Tide with the faucet dispenser, so bought the 96-load Tide Ultra HE. Other reviews are right - using the cap to measure and pour was kind of messy - I managed to slosh the detergent all over the place. Almost immediately, I realized that I did not need the measuring cap. I hold the bottle by the handle, loosen the blue cap, hold the faucet over the detergent drawer, and dispense directly into the drawer, filling to the proper mark for the size load I'm doing. It allows for very precise dispensing, and the large bottle is surprisingly easy to hold, even when full. I store the bottle upright and have no dripping issues.", {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Mountain Spring has the best scent of all the detergents on the market. It cleans well and leaves a fresh-smelling scent. I don't use anything else.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I* absolutely love tide2x with bleach alternative.I love all tide products I have tried others and have always come back to tide My clothes always smell fresh. Tide has even taken out blood stains', {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for at least the past 15 years or more. Since I am an open person, I will admit that at times, I have tried other, BUT always return to my TIDE. I love it. Your clothes smell clean, are clean, helps to remove stains. What else can you ask for! So why change when you got the best', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Why is Tide HE made only in liquid form now The powder packed in boxes is much easier to use as an older woman can dip it out instead of having to life a heavier bottle (jug) and pour into cup. Some new and improved packaging methods are not well thought out.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide HE liquid now. I was only using powder in the beginning. My local store ran out of the powder so I got some of the liquid. I am very happy. Once I figured out the appropriate amount of the liquid to use in my machine it has been fantastic. I have had no problems with build up, but then again I do regular sanitizing maintenance on my machine which is required with any HE machine. Even a tech said my machine was looking great. I don't know about the animal fat thing, but I know this much. If animal fat makes it clean so well, bring on the animal fat! Then again animal fat doesn't rinse out of clothes with water, but Tide HE liquid does. Hmmm, go figure.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Ive been with Tide (he) ever since i bought a he washer, 4 years ago. In this day and age it's the way to go, and Tide he leaves a nice scent on my clothing besides getting them clean every time.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide HE gives my laundry the clean freshness I want.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only product my Mothers side has ever used. My Grandmother used it she had 15 kids, Each of those Children had between 2 to 10 kids per each. Out of most of those kids only but very few use tide! I've used tide for the last 35 years myself as a grown women and my kids use tide!!!!! It's the family way! Smells good and make my clothes look and feel clean and great! Thank you!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love my concentrated Tide. It doesn't take a lot to do a wonderful job on our laundry. From my most delicate of intimates to the tough oil and grease stains in my husbands work clothes, it takes care of everything.", {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My son suffer from allergies and the only detergent that I use is Tide, desides that is really good for the laundry it keeps my son out of his allergies.', {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Tide! I have been using Tide for the last 30 years and would use no other! I use Tide w/bleach alternative to get stains out of clothes no matter how long the stain has been there! Love the clean breeze scent! GREAT JOB TIDE!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We bought a Frigidaire Affinity HE washer and dryer 6 months ago. Tide HE does an great job in getting clothes really clean in this machine. While it is a bit pricey, consider that the machines don't require a lot of detergent. We love our HE laundry pair, and we believe Tide HE the best choice.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide forever. I have tried other products in the past but they have let me down. I kept going back to Tide. I finally stopped using the other ones, it was a waste of money. I love Tide, espescially the Tide with febreeze. Always gets our clothes clean and they smell good too. I'm not just saying this, I mean it. It works!!", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just recently purchased a new Samsung Silvercare Washer and have been using Tide ever since. I really enjoy the original scent over all the other scents that Tide makes. I used other brands of detergent in the past but none compare to Tide HE orginal scent! My washer gets my clothes the cleanest they have ever been. I don't know why I waited so long to get a High Efficiancy washer, they virtually use no water and they get your laundry three times as clean! I will use this scent of Tide as long as I do laundry, and that's a long time!", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other brands to try and budget so to speak, but no other brand than Tide will get ANY stain ( grease, the famous red mud of NC, ink, etc) out! My husband is an assistant Fire Marshal and has to go in burned buildings- the smell is pungent- Tide does the trick EVERY time!', {'entities': [(81, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide products and use it every time I wash my sheets for a great smelling sleep.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of the original scent Tide, and I even use the Tide washing machine cleaner in my new LG HE washing machine. Tide is the only detergent that will be used in my washing machine. It cleans great and smells good, what more could a person want', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent I use! I have had a front load washer for many years now and I always use the HE. However, I have talked to many appliance techs (I'm in the appliance business) and was told to use powder.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using a High Effeciency combo washer/dryer for 6 years now and would use nothing but Tide for my laundry needs. My only problem is that the powder version of this product keeps getting harder to find. Due to the design of the detergent fill drawer liquid causes oversplash while the machine fills. So powder really does a superior job. Can you help me find out who in the Charleston area is going to continue carrying the powder HE detergent', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide cleaned up all my husbands skin irritations. Other detergents made him break out and itch. Plus clean clean clean clothes! Thank You Tide!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the way liquid Tide performs but don't like using it because I can't see the measurement lines on the cap! The cap and liquid are both dark blue, and you have to look down into the cap when you pour instead of being able to read it through the side like a measuring cup. Money is tight and I don't want to waste detergent by guessing the right amount to use each time. Mostly I buy the powder (little hard to find for HE) so I can measure it better. If only you would make the cap clear with lines on the outside!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Let me start by sharing with you how much I pride myself in my laundry skills that I have developed over the 40+ years that I have been doing laundry. I am an extremely satisfied Tide Original consumer and have been for many years. My family has always and continues to receive compliments on how well their clothing looks and smells. Although, I needed to make some necessary adjustments to transition myself to using my HE washer. After having made the adjustments, I can tell you that I am a fan of HE washers and LOVE MY TIDE ORIGINAL SCENT HE LAUNDRY DETERGENT!!! Tide is a reliable product that I depend upon for great results. I like that I get my desired results without exception. I do have one concern to post here: Can someone share with me as to... Where I may purchase the Tide with color safe bleach HE Original I have yet to see it in the stores and have been adding another HE colorsafe bleach into my Tide HE Detergent for my loads that need the boost. (Whites that cannot be bleached, etc) A helpful tip about front load washers: My machine just happens to have a very convenient specific cycle used to periodically clean the washer. This works great and so my washer remains fresh/ brand new. If your HE washer does not have this feature then you will simply need to run an empty cycle through with just bleach (no detergent), wipe down your machine and leave your door open to air out. If you periodically adapt this simple routine it will resolve any potential odor problems BEFORE they are able to start leaving you to enjoy your investment for years.', {'entities': [(179, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought my HE washer with smart dispence 6 months ago. I have used Tide only for years. There was no doubt Tide HE was going into the new machine. It works great! My clothes still look great.', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought my HE washer a year ago and have used nothing by Tide HE in the washer since. I love it! It works great on stains and my clothes look great.', {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide costs way to much for the too little amount as I was comforters blankets,mattress pads and linens for starters then you've all the heavy jeans sweat shirts and sweat pants then we get into just clothes and towels! I can't afford to buy a size bottle to do all that i need it for! it seems there's never enough and it cleans the best! I really like tide it cleans better than any other detergent!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide since I ventured out on my own in the world over ten years ago. I have used only tide on my clothes since. I refuse to use anything else. I even buy a small bottle of tide when I visit my relatives where I can use their washers. I know tide keeps my clothes fresh. It keeps my clothes looking new and it also gets stains out. I pour a small amount on a set in stain and let it sit a while before I wash and it comes out. I love, love this product and will continue to use it for the rest of my life.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best detergent on the market and I love the smell that it gives the clothes. Thanks for such a great product', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family's been Tide fans since I was a kid. My Mom used Tide and passed down the helpful resource to me. I've been using Tide products for about 35 years! Tide with Acti-Lift technology is one of my favorites! It really does lift the stains off! I'd recommend anyone try it and compare it to the brand you normally use.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used nothing but Tide for over 40 years. I always know my laundry will come out cleaner with a pleasant fragrance. It's also a saving on fabric softener. I only wish I would have known of it's preformance and quality much sooner. May I suggest people use it, at lease once, and compare it to their bargain brand. It's fantastic!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for forty years now and the Acti-Lift I picked up recently let me know that it will get even the red mud in NC out of our clothes. Thank you Tide for helping a Love continue to grow.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It doesn't matter what kind of blotch I get on my clothes, I know that Tide is going to get it out for me. I work in the outdoors and my clothes get pretty dirty and smelly, I know they are going to smell good after they get washed with Tide. I have used it for years, tried other products along the way, but have never been as happy as I am with Tide.....", {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My grandmother used Tide, as does my Mother, as do I. Its always been the best laundry detergent for as long as I can remember. Tide coming out with a high efficiency formula demonstrates that as usual, Tide is a step ahead of all of its competitors :D', {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide original! I think it's a terrific product.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have learned how to use Tide HE and Tide Stain Release products with my new Electrolux front loading washer. I am happy to report that I have no problems removing stains (together they work better than bleach!), clothes look brighter/whiter and I can use these products on any fabric. The fragrance was very strong at first but I found that by adjusting the amount of Tide HE used or adding an extra rinse, the fragrance can be minimized. I have always trusted Tide products.', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other detergents but Tide works best by far. My Daughter has sensitive skin and Tide is the only detergent that does not cause a rash. The smell is great I just wish I could get fabric softener that has the same scent!', {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had to use other products due to economic reasons so I am always excited when I can use Tide,especially on school and work clothes.The clothes are always cleaner,smells fresher and works good as a pre treatment on stubborn stains.', {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('On behalf of the entire Nashville, TN area, I would like to express our gratitude for the invaluable service provided by the Loads of Hope following the May 2010 flood. I have personally used Tide laundry detergent for almost 40 years! Through financial hardships and other difficult times, I have never waived from my dedication to this product until the present time. I am a single middle aged professional who has lost two upper management positions during the economic crisis. Unfortunately, I have had to be very frugal in all areas of my lifestyle, and have had to cut costs in anyway possible. However, trust me when I say that at the earliest possible point in time, I will revert back to being the Tide lover I have always been! Thank you again for your assistance to our community in our time of need.', {'entities': [(192, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried other laundry detergents, but I always go back to Tide. I would give it an overall rating of excellent. I do no have to pretreat my clothes . They always come out great. It's nice to have at least one thing in your life that you don't have to worry about! .", {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Tide for approximately 30years as did my Mom. Technology can only improve on perfection so much. I'll buy this until the future can produce something better, which I personally don't forsee. Thanks for a wonderful product.", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Hav.e used Tide for many years and thought it the best. My daughter is on a low cost budget and is able to buy only whats on sale. My grandson does his own laundry and I've bought Tide for him and he's hooked,as an unemployed college student he buys Tide when he's able and I help when I can", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years as my mother did.Nothing better,I tryed the Tide with Acti Lift and I was amased at the results,My clothes have never looked better. I would tell every one out there to give this a try.You will be useing it for ever as I will.Tide keep it up you're the best. Thank You, From Va.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years! When they came out with the Acti-Lift, I was tickled pink! My husband gets food on EVERYTHING and doesn't tell me! So, on laundry day, I always have a surprise waiting for me. Tide works every time! Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For all these years, I thought soap was soap. But this weekend I tried new Tide with Acti Lift on my husband's white bathrobe, complete with lotion stains and a little coffee. It came out sparkling white-as-new and smells great! I'm convinced--Tide costs extra, but I don't need all the pre-treaters and oxy-soak products, so I'm probably ahead, after all. Mom had used nothing but Tide on the farm for over 50 years. Now I see why! I've switched!", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wash with the Tide sport with febreeze, our towels were on a rack in my bathroom, not in a closet or closed up. We recently had a house fire, my bathroom was completley black and covered in ashes, totally distroyed by smoke.The whole house smelled like smoke. When the restoration crew came in to remove our textiles the women brought one of my towels out which was black, and asked me what detergent I used I told her about the Tide and she stated that the towels smelled like I had just washed them. I smelled for myself and they were still very clean and fresh smelling. I could'nt believe it.I wanted to commend you on having such a wonderful product. I am always going to be a Tide user. I thank you again so much.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best laundry detergent hands down... I wash alot of whites and all my cloths seem to get foundation around the neck... I tried other brands to save but when i use The original i NEVER need to pre-treat... Every load comes out SOOO clean and bright... I didnt think it could get any better but Acti-Lift is amazing... Sure i might pay a few more but i am NEVER using another detergent ever... Grandma and Mom are right Tide is the best!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I work with the public in the food industry. We're required to wear white long-sleeved shirts because of health regulations. I'm always getting tough food stains and ground in dirt on the cuffs and sleeves. I've bought almost every laundry soap out there. Nothing worked. Tide was the only thing that got them all out, plus the old set in stains. My clothes look like new again. I love the smell and softness of the Tide with Downey. Thanks, Tide!", {'entities': [(272, 276, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Tide for over 40 years and I still use Tide. It is getting a bit pricey but what isn't. I don't think I'll ever switch brands. Thanks Tide.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had 2 stains on my favorite golf shirt. Had already been washed and dryed. Sprayed it with Spray and Wash came out of the washer still with the stains. Still didn't want to give up on my favorite shirt, so I put my Tide with Acti Lift directly on the stains. Have my favorite golf shirt back to wear! Worked awesome.", {'entities': [(217, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had a white rug in front of my patio door while using the door alot during rainy weather the rug was what I thought completely ruined. One wash in the Tide Acti-Lift and it was completely white again. The freash clean smell filled the room and it's bright white appearance was amazing! Good job Tide!!!", {'entities': [(153, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A great improvement on an already great product. Have tried many different detergents over the years but Tide is my only real choice. The Acti-Lift is a real help. Forgot to pre-treat a stain, but came out clean with new Tide!', {'entities': [(105, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using PG products for over 50 years, I didn't think there was much room for improvement. Tide with Acti-Lift is a wonderful product. I didn't have to spot treat my grandsons clothes. I gave all my friends Tide Acti-Life gift 'samples'. When I find an outstanding product, I like to share the information! Thanks PG for another great product.", {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother always used Tide. I tried using other brands to save money, but they never got my clothes as clean and found that Tide is cheaper in the long run if you I want clean clothes. I now have a front loader and use the HE. The new actilift seems to get the stains out without pretreating the stains I normally would have pretreated, which is a plus as I often forgot about the stains to pretreat them.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had been using All HE and when I had gotten some stains on my white sheets I was so upset because I didn't think they'd come out. I washed them in bleach and All and 3 washes later the stains were still visible. We bought Tide HE and I washed my sheets yesterday morning with bleach and Tide HE, and poof! the stains were gone! Just goes to show you that it works wonders. This product is amazing!", {'entities': [(224, 228, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the Tide Febreze Acti-lift at the store the other day without even noticing the ActiLift, but I certainly noticed when I washed my clothes! This detergent is SO amazing! It removed stains from my clothing AND from my sons' clothing - which is saying a LOT! They are constantly playing in the dirt, grass, climbing trees, etc. and their clothes are like they were when I purchased them! I absolutely LOVE this product!! Thanks TIDE!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the new Acti-lift Tide to be much better than I expected. I wear my sneaker, short white, socks around in my apt in the summer to keep my feet from being so dry. I used to treat them before every wash, because they pickup soil, but now I can just throw them in and they come out clean. Great!', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Growing up the only washing detergent that I ever saw 80 percent of the time was TIDE...and so that is the detergent that I use too...now when I noticed a new cap on Tide, and it said Acti lift....I really didn't think that it would be any different than before, nevertheless, I purchased the original w/ Acti lift and noticed that it got All...I mean All of the dirt and oily stains out of my husband's work clothes, w/o a booster added. I will absolutely buy this Tide from now on.", {'entities': [(166, 170, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The only product I trust to clean clothes. I tried other products and wasn't happy. Never again will I stray from Tide.", {'entities': [(114, 118, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was introduced to Tide powder products as a child. One of Ten children, washing was never just a day, it was on-going and daily chore. When I ventured out on my own, I did try other, less expensive products and can support the saying of ' You Get What You Pay For'. I went back to Tide and have never again ventured from it. Tide has helped me to reign in my families clothing budget, by providing products that work, just as PG Claims. I not only get clean clothes, I get superior clean clothes, minus stains protected by a superior product, cleaned without harsh, material destroying chemicals. I Love TIDE and so many of the PG family of products. PG has a proven record of suppling consumers with EXCELLENT PRODUCT QUALIITY and USEABILITY with Positive results.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I could not ask for an easier way to get stains out. The best part is that I do not have to buy more than 1 product to do it. Tide is awesome.', {'entities': [(126, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We had a front loading washer back in 1960 and had to use regular detergent. The washer had a window in front so we would add a little detergent at a time until the suds barely showed at the water line. It wasn't easy or fun but the clothes were cleaner with that front loader. I bought my front loader back in 2002 because I remember the clothes getting cleaner, used less water and was greener. HE detergent was hard to find and Tide was the first HE detergent to hit the shelves. I bought the liquid HE as it dissolves easier. It is the ONLY HE detergent to buy.", {'entities': [(431, 435, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In 1990 my husband received military orders to go to Korea. When the packers arrived I had a newly opened box of Tide in the laundry room, which I intended to give to my neighbor but when the packers left the Tide had been packed among all other items that were to be put in storage. I thought nothing else of this until 17 years later we returned and unpacked the storage items and here was the box of Tide. So out of curiosity I tried this 17 year old Tide in a load of wash and it worked just like it was new. So I can truthfully say Tide Quality Lasts!.', {'entities': [(113, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thought Tide would like to know how people feel about the Tide Simple Pleasures Lavender and Vanilla detergent Proctor and Gamble recently discontinued this product. If you check the internet blogs people are searching high and low for this product. It was Tide's best formula but they discontinued it for some reason. It has the most wonderful fragrance that lingers in your clothes and sheets long after they are washed. I wish they would bring it back into production and sales, It was the best laundry detergent I have ever used.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was trying to save money by using an off brand but soon realized I made a big mistake! Tide is the only detergent that cleaned my husband's work clothes and left a clean smell too. He noticed the difference right away when I started using Tide again. I am a Tide user from now on.", {'entities': [(89, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Waited until I washed my husbands white dress shirts that he wears to work to write this review. I thought that would be the ultimate test. I usually leave the black sleeve cuffs sleeves soaking with dawn for a couple of days before washing. I just these in the washer with acti-lift and they are white. Thanks Tide!', {'entities': [(311, 315, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The original Tide Laundrey Detergent is one, if not the best, Detergent available to consumers. Febreze is a wonderful scent and covers a lot of bad odors in the air, therefore it can only enhance Tide by bringing them together. The only down side to Tide is the price, it is a little expensive, but it does do the job very well. Clothes come out fresher, cleaner, etc.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It got out stains that NO OTHER DETERGENT EVER got out. And they were much more expebnsive then Tide.I will NEVER go back to using nothing else but Tide.Especially when you have a son who get into everything.', {'entities': [(96, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 100 cotton white sheets carry a fabric care label that calls for cold water. I had been less than happy with the appearance of my sheets after trying several washing products. But, when I used Tide for cold water with the new Acti-Lift technology and my sheets came out a wonderful bright white! They look great!', {'entities': [(196, 200, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I keep a Tide pen at work and in my purse. I instantly apply this to a stain as soon as it happens and the stain disappears in a matter of minutes. There is no residue from the application.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the Tide To Go pens. I have not only used it on my clothing but also on the seats of my car! It has saved me a lot of stress away from home. I would like to tell you a funny story about the pen. My teenage daughter was sitting in class at school when she noticed a spot on her white shirt. She reached into her purse to get her Tide To Go pen. Without looking to see what she was doing she proceeded to remove the unsightly stain. A classmate had asked her what she was doing. Not understanding what the concern was she looked down and saw that she had grabbed her pink highlighter instead and had drawn a big beautiful circle on her shirt!', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recieved a sample of this in the mail and tried it. I had beach towels stained with tanning oil. This product worked great getting them clean and smelling very fresh. I will buy this product again. I've known for years that Tide works great. We had a house fire 20 years ago and had a lot of clothes that weren't burned but were covered in black greasy soot and reeked of smoke. Tide was the only detergent that removed the soot and the smell.", {'entities': [(226, 230, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I reallly like this new Tide with Acti-Lift it works very very well and I buy the scent with the Frabreeze in it It really makes my clothes look brand new all over again.I would highly recommend this product to anyone.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the way to go.The aroma and the whiteness and the brightness after clothing have been washed in Tide is breadth taking.Every new addition to tide comes with a different experience.This will be a long lasting product . GO TIDE DO YOUR THING', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I washed some white towels that had been in a storage box for ages. Not dirty, just dingy! They are sparkling now after using the Tide with Acti-Lift! Thanks so much for the sample. Doubt that I would have purchased it without the sample.', {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('To be quite honest being a man of every day means, married, but previously divorced the fact is I do laundry like a lot of men. We have a hd washer and The Tide Original you love says it all that is made for hd washers. Before that The Tide Original you love was fine for our normal washer. The fact is if you want to add sents for the public fine but keep the original, because in most cases like mine and many others I believe most people use softners and they are sented too. I grew up with TIDE and hope that will never change.', {'entities': [(156, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide but I can't justify the high prices in this economy so I have turned to other leading brands at half the price of Tide. Sorry", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only use tide and I love to experiment with the different types. Tide never disappoints me.', {'entities': [(67, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have tried other products but always have come back to Tide. Cheaper ones do not do the job Tide does, so why use anything else I say. Tide has always done better at cleaning and stain removing. I even carry a Tide stick. You should too.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide. I have tried other detergents and nothing comes close to Tide. My clothes always come out smelling clean and fresh. I also like that you are always coming out with new items.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide I love is with bleach alternative. It is more expensive than most but well worth it when my husband and kids want to know -- how I can get things so clean and fresh. My secret is NOT green but works. I make my own stain remover with a little Tide and water in a spray bottle to start with, rinse my clothes twice, and THEN a third time with my Downy. Yea, it takes a little longer and more water but my clothes are ALL clean/fresh and never ruined with stains.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used tide for years and love it. Nothing like the smell of tide and downey together! Tide has removed even washed and dried stains in my clothing. I pre spot them let them sit over night and boom the stain is gone. I also use the Febreeze Tide in my Rug Doctor on my carpets and Furniture. The room smells so clean after and the dirt comes right out of the carpet. No need for expensive rug shampoos. I would not use any other detergent other than tide! The Febreeze sport has an awesome smell! thanks Tide!', {'entities': [(92, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would use nothing else. Cheap brands ARE a waste of money. They do not get stains out as well as Tide. BUt like another writer, said too do miss the lavender/vanilla scent.', {'entities': [(99, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My son (9) has bladder problems that leaves a urine smell on his clothes. Sometimes we have to wash them 2x to get the smell out. ONE POD PACK did the trick and left his clothes smelling GREAT the FIRST time. You have a Tide customer now !!', {'entities': [(220, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The pods cleaned better than the gain I have been previously using. My husband does construction work and has really dirty clothes. The pods did an amazing job!!! Since trying the sample I have changed to the pods for good great job Tide!!!', {'entities': [(233, 237, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used the Tide Pods today for the first time and was exceptionally pleased. They were super easy to use, all you do is toss them in the washer before you add your clothes. My clothes came out smelling good, feeling soft and looking brighter.', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Tide, it cleans my husbands clothes as well as my kids clothes very well...I give it 5 stars even considering the price. If the company could find a way to make it even a little less, it would get like 10 stars! I LOVE MY Tide.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods worked great in my high-efficiency washer. Other detergents that claim to work in high-efficiency washers provide too much soap and leave suds in the washer, but not Tide Pods. They seem to work as well as regular Tide detergent.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide always been my chose,past on from since my child hook.So when i got a tide pods sample,i found it was just be my choice from now on.No measuring,pull one out pot in,dose a excellent job.Tide just keep improving ever day.Love my TIDE.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used the stain release pods with my Tide since they were introduced. This new POD brings together my Tide and my stain-fighter for the easiest washer setup ever. A time-saver that leaves my laundry TIDE FRESH---that's a champ in my book!", {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got my free sample in the mail this last weekend. I did a load of laundry. I was so surprised at how bright the colors were.tired old sweatshirts came back to life. vibrant colors. The load was clean and in cold water. I love Tide pods.', {'entities': [(228, 232, 'PRODUCT')]})
("New Tides Pod Detergent is great if you have no time to think about laundry but want really clean and clothes. And who doesn't want that, especially with the eye-popping colors that are everywhere this spring. Totally happy with this product.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These little babies are amazing! They are so easy to use and you get the same results as the pourable Tide. Men can use this product, without supervision, on their ladies clothes! :) I will be buying this product when I run out of my Bottle.', {'entities': [(102, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods really worked well. My clothes definitely looked brighter. They made an obvious difference in stain removal too. I also thought my clothes smelled nice and fresh. I'm sold! Tide has really outdone themselves on this product.... so easy to use and great results!", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods. I don't think I will use anything else ever again. The only thing I do not like is the lack of scent. I do not notice a scent from the Pods themselves on my clothes. But, I am happy with how well they clean, without the mess of powder or liquid everywhere.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My clothes smell so clean when using Tide, they smell fresh and clean, just perfume-y like other detergents I've used in the past, and it cleans so much better. And I don't have to use as much as other detergents. I am in love with Tide Original Scent, it's a clean smell.", {'entities': [(37, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Easy and mess free, can't say just how many times I've spilled and waisted the liquid. Wish Tide He was a bit stronger for our dirty farm work clothes. I love the ease of the Pods, have looked for them in our local store but did not find. I will purchase when I see them.", {'entities': [(92, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Tide Pods and I LOVE IT!! I have always been a tide customer but would switch to a sale detergent to cut costs but since trying Tide Pods, I will never switch again! This product is amazing! My clothes have never smelled so good. I truly love it.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just bought a washer that required HE detergent and have been confused about what brighteners and softeners I could use. Well, the New Tide Pods have made my life so easy! I don't have to worry whether I can use this or that. I am sold and will use Pods from now on.", {'entities': [(137, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used your sample in an h e washing machine. I washed a load of towels and white socks with it. I didn't use bleach. It did an excellent job! Tide is usually out of my price range. But I'll get some pods for when I have tough laundry problems. Thanks for the sample!", {'entities': [(143, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have not found another laundry soap that compares to Tide at all! This soap is amazing and gets out all kinds of stains left behind with my 2 kids and animals. I would definitely recommend this product to all of my friends! It sure is nice to climb into bed with clean sheets )', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It is so easy to use the Tide pod. Just throw them into the washing machine and that's it! I did find it strange that it doesn't care whether my machine is HE or not though when laundry detergents sold outside all mention whether they are HE compatible or not. I'm not used to the smell (different type of good sweet smell) of the freshly washed clothes but I'm not complaining when it's so effortless to use. Perhaps, offer different fragrance types", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod which I received in the mail provided a quick solution to washing a load of laundry on my first morning off. I work permanent nights, 12 hrs shifts, so my first morning off is usually tough to get started on chores. But with the Tide Pod, I was able to get laundry started quickly and without any detergent mess. Also, as an added bonus, the load of clothes that I had washed with the Tide Pod came out smelling fresh. Thank You Tide!!', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide to get my whites their whitest. I have 3 kids that never cease to amaze me with how dirty they get. From chocolate pudding on my daughter's white polo(school uniform) to dirt and grass on my son's from playing football at recess. My oldest daughter playing soccer and cheerleading. She and her friends love to do both in their white socks. So not only are her uniforms filthy so are her socks. But Tide gets it all clean every time!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I should have known that I would fall in love with this product...now it's the only laundry detergent that I want to use. I immediately noticed a change in my clothes when I used the new Tide Pods. They were brighter, cleaner, softer, the stains were gone, and they smelled amazing! I've always been a huge fan of Tide and now there's no measuring or trying to decide how much soap to use. It's easy-peasy to just toss in the pod, toss in my load and go!", {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using a High Effeciency combo washer/dryer for 6 years now and would use nothing but Tide for my laundry needs. My only problem is that the powder version of this product keeps getting harder to find. Due to the design of the detergent fill drawer liquid causes oversplash while the machine fills. So powder really does a superior job. Can you help me find out who in the Charleston area is going to continue carrying the powder HE detergent', {'entities': [(97, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband works in maintenance and get his jeans very dirty at times. I received the Spring Meadow Tide PODS sample today in the mail and decided to pop it in the washer with several pairs of his dirty work jeans without pretreating as the sample contained a stain remover. Well, I'm here to say that his jeans came out super clean and smelled wonderful! Thanks for making such a wonderful product that not only cleans well, but is a great time saver!", {'entities': [(100, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods, Sons Socks are clean smell great!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am an avid Tide user and these pods are terrific', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pod is very easy and convenient for anyone to use.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide. Super easy to use. Great for taking on trips.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The new Tide Pods are so easy to use, no measuring needed!', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods are easy to use - no measuring and no clean-up!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently bought this product for my brand new HE washer. When I used it, I couldn't believe how clean it got my family's clothes! A little goes a long way. Thank you Tide!", {'entities': [(168, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have found this product to keep my clothes clean and fresh. With three kids who are constantly staining their clothes, Tide HE Turno Clean never disappoints. I was also impressed with the small amount that I used had so much power. I will definitely continue using this product and recommend it to family and friends', {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never had an issue switching over to HE Tide, keeps everything clean and smelling great.', {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I switched to Tide a few yrs ago when the kids started sports. The dirt and odor comes out and the secnt of the soap is pleasant. It's not overwhelming and does not offend!", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product was a great addition to my HE washer. I received a free sample of Tide HE Turbo Clean to try and I'll be honest, I was a little skeptical at first because you use so much less product than with other detergents. I have three boys who love to play outside so you can imagine how dirty their clothes can get. I washed their clothes on the quick cycle setting without pretreating and to my disbelief the clothes came out AMAZINGLY clean. I will definitely be adding Tide HE Turbo Clean to my hectic lifestyle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(79, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I never buy anything but Tide. It's the only detergent that cleans and is gentle for our sensitive skin. Turbo clean works great on the quick cycle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide and what is better than getting to sample it. It cleans like a champ and smells wonderful. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love this new Tide HE. It left our clothes clean and fresh in half the time, love that its HE. Great scent! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Tide HE Turbo clean to try and review, and although I received it for free this is my opinion. I had not even noticed my HE washer had a quicker cycle, guess I'm just too busy running laundry for a household of 7. I ran my quick cycle and it took 21 minutes off my wash time! Our clothes were clean, and smelled great. I priced Tide at local stores and it is more expensive than other detergents, that is the only downside I found. Cleaning wise it did what it says. It even removed a couple of old stains from the kids clothing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are a very busy household. Working parents with two little kids, a dog, and two cats there is always something that needs to be cleaned. Thank goodness I tried Tide HE Turbo Clean. I can wash my laundry in half the time, knowing it will come out clean and smelling great, and be able to get back to the family fun. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(163, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product for free, but honestly it's the best detergent I've ever used. I live in a house of 4 that means a LOT of laundry. I've always loved Tide, but the fact that it gives a good sud, which I need to feel like my clothes are cleaned, without creating so many suds that my washer would be stuck on 10 minutes for 30 minutes is frigging awesome. I can finish laundry in no time now. As stated, I received this for free, but I'm definitely going to buy this product as long as they make it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(157, 161, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got Tide HE Turbo Clean for free to try. It arrived just in time as I was way behind on laundry. I was able to do 8 loads the first day. I was most impressed by how well it cleaned the baby bibs, it removed most food stains without any pretreatment. I also love how soft everything felt. The one thing I didn't like is it did not get heavy odors out as well as my current detergent. But as long as you don't have extremely smelly laundry (I'm currently potty training and cloth diapering) it left my other laundry smelling very fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("To me, Tide never seems to get it wrong and this product is just another shining example. This detergent didn't cause the colors of my clothes to fade and kept my whites their whitest. I used this on both the sanitary and quick wash speeds and it performed equally well on both getting my back others clean and leaving a fresh scent behind. Tides price point is a smidgen high but the product quality is what you have come to expect from Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried several brand of laundry detergent throughout the years. Now that I have tried Tide I would never switch to any other brand. It makes my clothes smell great and all of the stains on my clothes come out the first time unlike some brands were you would have to soak them in stain remover before you wash them. It cleans great and there are no other brands that I would ever switch to. It works great for my HE washing machine. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(92, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried this new Tide a few times, and really like the results! Normally, we use a 'free and clear' detergent because of skin sensitivities my husband has. I end up adding additional boosters and bleach to get the job done. The clothes I have washed with Tide always come out looking clean, without the boosters...and they smell wonderful!! (and, he hasn't complained about irritation!) I have used the detergent in both regular and speed wash settings, and have been pleased every time. Will be using more often, and recommending! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used this detergent in my front loader. I tried the quick cycle on the machine with this detergent and was surprised at how well it worked. I had clean clothes with a fresh scent in half the time. I tried the same cycle with a load that was soiled more and wasnt happy with it so I used the regular cycle. All in all this is a great Tide product that I will most likely purchase the next time I need detergent. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(335, 339, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide turbo made my clothes cleaner than ever! Would definitely recommend and would purchase. This product was a free sample. Clothes seemed cleaner than with regular Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Tide cleaned my clothes so well! I have a 6-year old that loves to get her clothes dirty and it worked wonderfully on lifting all the stains she can acquire with just an hour of playtime outdoors! In addition to leaving our clothes looking brand new, it also provides a clean and fresh scent that lasts throughout the day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was always hesitant about buying Tide because it seems to cost more. I thought all laundry detergents were pretty much the same. Boy, was I wrong. Not only does the Tide seem to get the stains and dirt out on the first wash, it also leaves my family's clothes fresh smelling. Definitely staying with Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(35, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Tide product worked wonders. All our clothes, even my 2 year old and 8 month old clothes, came out clean and fresh. We'll definitely be purchasing this product! Thanks Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received 2 full size bottles of this Tide detergent free from the Tide company just to try it out. I was very pleasantly surprised of the scent left behind on my clean clothes and the soft, clean feeling of my clothes. I absolutely love this product and will continue using it for all of our clothes. I highly recommend this product to everyone. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the turbo clean recently when I received it from Tide to sample for free. I use original and coldwater Tide regularly before this. My clothes seemed to be cleaner and softer after using HE Turbo Tide. Even my husband commented that his white shirt looked whiter after using it on the quick cycle of our washer and he never notices laundry! I would purchase this product next time I shop.', {'entities': [(56, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received two free bottles of this product from Tide. I have to say this is a great detergent. It cleaned my girl's clothes the first time! Will definitely be adding this to my washing process.", {'entities': [(49, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Received purchase and noticed there was a plastic seal gripper on the top pf the container. There was no leaks whatsoever, the plastic seal wrap is a wonderful idea for all or any type liquid containers. For me, I absolutely love it because it contains the liquid and it makes it exceptionally easy. It would be a great idea for all companies that carry/sell liquid products to have a seal of this type. Thanks Tide and Target!', {'entities': [(411, 415, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband and I sent our at the time 2 month old son to his grandparents house one night so we could have a break from the baby. The next day when the grandparent's brought baby home they told us they had done his laundry. After they left I got into the diaper bag to put his clothes away to find that the laundry my husband's mom had washed smelled AMAZING! We asked her what she used and she told us Tide and Downy. My (now) 4 1/2 month old loves it (always has) and I swear he sleeps better with his clothes washed in Tide! Sounds crazy, I know! We'll never use anything but Tide again!", {'entities': [(403, 407, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used Liquid Tide since it came out (and now Liquid Tide HE), now directly on stains. Use it as soon as I notice a stain, then put clothes in hamper. When it is time to wash, it is dry, so there's no mess in the laundry room or Laundromat. Use it with Tide HE Pods. Wouldn't use anything else!", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have well water and recently purchased a water treatment system. I also purchased my first bottle of Tide. We thought our clothes were clean, a little dingy, but clean, until we started using the Tide. Unbelievable results! The whites are really white again, the colors are brighter, cannot say enough how much I regret not using this product before. Would have saved on replacing lots of clothes we thought would never come clean again. Never going back to anything else!!!', {'entities': [(104, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I never used tide until I bought a new front loading washer. there was a free bottle of Tide Total Care in the machine. I was amazed from the lst load of whites!! I didn't use a softner, and very little bleach. the whites came out as white as new and soft and fluffy, when I washed towels and wash clothes they were also soft and fluffy and I really love how they smell... I now have a problem...for some reason I can't find the total care in any of the stores that used to carry it. Even this web site doesn't show it. so what happened to the total care", {'entities': [(88, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a loyal Gain user for years. The last time I went shopping, they were sold out of my usual scent of Gain, but they had Tide on sale. So, I thought why not give it a try. For starters, I gave the Tide a real challenge - My husband's work clothes. He is a welder, so his clothes can get pretty dirty. I was very pleasantly surprised at how well the Tide worked! My husband's clothes have never been cleaner! The Gain never got his clothes this clean or smelling this good! He even NOTICED they smelled good! I won't be going back to Gain - I have become a Tide user for life :-)", {'entities': [(131, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Original is the best it cleans my clothes and makes them smell nice and fresh....i've tried other brands and found myself unsatisfied and always came back to tide because i knew that it would do the job!!! From now on tide is all i will be buying because i know i will be happy with my clothes looking nice and clean and smelling fresh!!! keep this item around cause its the best.....", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Clean Breeze scent for about 4 years and it is the only thing I will use. It not only cleans my clothes but, leaves behind a nice fresh smelling scent that lasts until I wash the garment again.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a stay at home father and i raised 3 kids. It wasn't easy but relying on Tide helped me out The clean, the smell and the economical price, made it easier to help me raise our kids. Thank you Tide.", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i just have tried Classic Tide and still being the only product for my laundry that i will use, i have tried Coldwater formula and now the classic one, both are great, in fact do not find any difference, makes my load sparkling clean without any complication or even care of the water temperature or the water hardness just add the clothes select the jeans or smart cycle, the water temperature Cold and the detergent directly and done, and get back great results in any type of clothes and in any cycle, so is the best detergent that i have ever tried, even i have a washing machine LG Turbodrum system and does the results are so far the best with the combination Tide and washer technology. i just recommend the Tide to anyone', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is all I use and I use HE. It cleans my clothes using less and so in the long run it saves money and does a great job on our clothes.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband is a Dirt boy in the Air Force. The title explains his job perfectly because he gets his uniforms very dirty throughout the day and the best detergent i've found to clean up his mess is Tide original! It keeps his uniforms clean and smelling good. Thanks Tide!", {'entities': [(197, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide should be a star on Broadway for its cleaning performance! If you want to know exactly what a powerful, cleaning laundry detergent can do than purchase this product. It is well worth the . In today's economy where ever penny is budgeted, Tide may seem a bit too pricey....BUT, I would rather budget in a product that powers out stains leaving clothes clean. It is certainly cheaper than buying new ones! Go Ahead and Try Tide. I am almost certain that you will love what this little powerhouse can do!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Tide for years. We purchased a new washer two years ago that is energy efficient and I haven't used any detergent other then Tide HE. You might think the price is high, but it isn't because you use so much less. My husband's clothes are sometimes greasy and I use Tide Stain Remover in the wash. They come out clean and fresh. It is so nice to wash our laundry and know that it is clean, fresh, and free of stains. Thanks for a wonderful product.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love using Tide, it cleans my husbands clothes as well as my kids clothes very well...I give it 5 stars even considering the price. If the company could find a way to make it even a little less, it would get like 10 stars! I LOVE MY Tide.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband works in a welding shop and never seems to have a product that gets his hands totally clean. Then one day he used my Tide powder, and low and behold, his hands have never been cleaner and softer. He tells everyone else about his TIDE!!', {'entities': [(128, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is pricey but worth the extra money. Have used Tide for a long, long time. The Tide Acti-Lift is great! Yes, it cost more but the results are fabulous, grease and grass stains are history. Thanks, Tide for a good product.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide exclusively for years and the product just keeps improving. Recently I purchased a high efficiency washing machine and the recommended detergent was Tide! The amount of soap you use is tiny and the clothes come out perfectly, stains gone like magic.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always seem to come back to Tide, but when I tried Tide with Dawn, I swore I'd never use another detergent. I use Dawn on my dishes and it's the absolute best on tackling grease. Since most of my stains are food stains, Tide with Dawn was exactly right. Sadly, none of my local supermarkets carry it any more, and I can't even find it on line. Help!", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had to write a review on Tide. For years I refused to buy it because I feel it is WAY over priced and still feel that way. However, I have bought ERA detergent for years until I recently washed a white button down collared shirt in ERA without bleach because I was out. The shirt came out with the ring around the collar dirt and sweat build up from a summers daily wear. I complained to my boyfriend about it and he swore that Tide always got the dirt out but I'd forbid him to spend money on it. So I went to the store and picked up unscented Tide and threw the shirt in to give it the test. The shirt came out absolutely clean. The ring around the collar grime was gone and I didn't even use bleach. I am really impressed with the results but the price I just can't agree with.", {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When my oldest daughter was a baby ,43 years ago she had a pink sweater set, that got formula stains all over the top. Try as I might I couldn't get them out. then . I kept the sweater set as it was for a very tiny set for a 5 lb baby. Twenty some odd years later a friend wanted to borrow the sweater set I tryed once again to get out the stains even sent it to the dry cleaners. The stain was there to stay. or so I thought. We gave it to her and when she returned the sweater set the stains were gone what did you use to get out the stains I asked Tide she answered . A 20plus year old stain. Need I say more", {'entities': [(551, 555, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Absolutly Love The Tide Original Scent It Cleans Great And Smells Great To...I Also Love To Use The Downy April Fresh With It As Well Keep These Items In My Area Cuz Its The Only Detergent And The Only Softner I Will Buy :)', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried several different HE detergents, but Tide cleans great, smells good and is worth the money, while some of the others stink and i have to use so much to make it clean, it's not worth it... Tide just works great!", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have not found another laundry soap that compares to Tide at all! This soap is amazing and gets out all kinds of stains left behind with my 2 kids and animals. I would definitely recommend this product to all of my friends! It sure is nice to climb into bed with clean sheets )', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Tide. It is the ONLY brand I use. I have a daughter who plays softball and this Tide gets out the red clay from the field off her white uniform pants. LOVE THIS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just finished writing a poor review for the coldwater powder but I had to at least say that liquid Tide has really impressed me because my clothes come out softer than any other detergent. Perhaps it's because it leaves less soap residue than others to get all crusted in the dryer. And my clothes SMELL clean enough. Many cloth diapering moms swear by Tide to get the cleanest result for their diapers which are obviously going to be touching the most sensitive parts of a baby's body. Anyway, great product. Not too keen on the other frangrance choices, but what are you gonna do", {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use only Tide. It has proven to stand up to the claim of lifting stains and providing fressh clean results.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent me and my whole family purchase. We have kids that love to get grass stains all over their clothes especially with them playing sports and i just spot treat it with my Tide and put it in the wash BOOM its gone!! Love the new scents my favorite is Clean Breeze and April Fresh. Buy it I promise you won't want to go back to any other. Awesome job Tide LOVE this product keep on making it for HE!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I grew up on tide and I will continue to use Tide, I must admit I have tried other brands yet I always return to Tide liquid, After trying other brands I can clearly see the difference in my families clothes, The material is cleaner and fresher and the colors including my whites are a whole lot brighter. Whole lot. thank you', {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this from the first day I purchased my HE washer and dryer and I will never use another detergent, even if it is cheaper. I have two young boys and they have brought some disgusting clothes in for the challenge. So far I am not disappointed. My husband is in the Army and his uniforms also have had some horrible stains and odors. I threw in a stain remover tablet with the Tide and they came out perfectly clean looking and smelling! way to go Tide!', {'entities': [(392, 396, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Having raised two country boys, had most of the baseball team, and half of the football team here. I frequently had to do ground in dirt and grass stains and I would use nothing else but Tide then. With 12 grandchildren occasionally visiting and my husband being still out working outside (dirt, grease, oil) and with my gardening,I still will not change. I wandered once but came back running!!!!!!', {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide for my family since I started buying laundry detergent. I have been unhappy with Tide --never! I will continue to buy Tide. My clothes and I thank you', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always have a boatload of laundry with four young children plus my husband and myself. I have been using Tide for as long as I have been doing laundry, about 20 years. It works great to get out the dirt. I have been able to pass down clothes to the younger siblings because I have kept the clothes in great shape thanks to Tide.', {'entities': [(107, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide has been the only laundry detergent in our home since I was a child. I've been using it in my house for the past 40 years and I only use the traditional Tide...one change...now I use HE with my NEW front load washer. I love my washer and I really LOVE my TIDE! My children use it now for their families. Tide is part of the family!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide for over 30yrs, My mother always uses Tide I have never had a problem getting my clothes clean with this detergent. I will never change detergents.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother never used a name brand detergent and as a child I remember thinking how good other peoples clothes smelled and how could I smell that good. I began using Tide when I moved out of my moms house because of the smell alone. I never knew I could love a detergent so much. :) But now that I am older I use Tide products not only for the smell but because I now have three boys of my own and I want them to feel good about their clothes. Tide takes out stains, keeps their clothes looking brand new ( and for boys that is a hard task ) and of course keeps them smelling fresh and clean all day. Thank you Tide from a loyal customer for life!!', {'entities': [(165, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide since I was old enough to wash clothes. I love the way my clothes feel and smell. My whole family feels the same way.Don't care for the scented detergents, that is why I perfer original Tide. Thanks, Tide", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It is incredible,I really didn't believe that it would work until I got grease on my favorite pink hoodie I rubbed a little on the grease and it came out! I was so sure it wouldn't work but not only did it clean my clothes but my 9 year old grandson got grease on his clothes and it worked and My husband is a mechanic and it works on his clothes too.Thank you so much for this product,it has made me change from my old detergent. Thank you again. I am now walking Tide commercial and recomend it to everyone", {'entities': [(465, 469, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to use Unstoppables in all loads, but with Tide Pods, I don't need to! The clothes smell terrific when I remove them from the washer, and continue to smell amazing even when the drying cycle is complete!! Kudos Tide, wonderful invention!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The power of Tide in convenient pods. Reasonably priced.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide Pods Detergent it makes my life so much easier. I just start the washer put in a tide pod and the clothes and walk away. There is no measuring no spilling and it smells incredible. This stuff is a time saver.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These new pods are amazing! Not only did my clothes get clean, but the stains were gone and they smelled wonderful! All of this packed into one tiny pod! If I wasn't already a loyal Tide user, I would have been converting!", {'entities': [(182, 186, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Simply put, Tide Pods helps me remain lazy even when I am doing laundry. It is less messy and easier than anything else I have done and it works fine in my HE washer. Makes being a single dad much easier! Thanks!', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love these new Tide Pods. I will never go back to using a liquid detergent. These Pods make laundry so easy, just pop it into the washing machine and you're done. The best part is no measuring of messy liquids.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide and the new pods are the greatest. You toss it in, add the clothes, and you're done. No measuring, pouring, or spilling. Now it they would add the fabric softener that would be even better.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Oh my! Tide pods smell awesome! Even my daughter said how great they smell when she went in the garage after I did laundry. Also, they did a great job on cleaning our clothes and were so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide turbo made my clothes cleaner than ever! Would definitely recommend and would purchase. This product was a free sample. Clothes seemed cleaner than with regular Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide Pods and so does my daughter. What a great idea. So simple. Drop, load and walk away. Love the container they come in also. Didn't think it could get better than liquid but I am a Pod user now!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods are so easy to use! I have a front loader washer and the Pods are so much easier than liquid. They clean like crazy! They even got the greasy food stains out of my husband's shirts! Love this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have exclusively used Tide for many years. The pod is amazing. It is economical, convenient. effectively removes stains and smells wonderful. 5 Stars - no doubt.', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the best detergent on the market and I love the smell that it gives the clothes. Thanks for such a great product', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This little guys pack a powerful punch! I work in a kitchen wearing white shirts. I had a few stains I didn't think would come out. The stains came out! Thank you Tide.", {'entities': [(163, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I got auto grease on my jeans and washed them with the Tide pod - nothing else. They came out so clean I had to do a double take. This is a fantastic product!!!!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love this product, it has made doing laundry so much faster. The scents are great and I will never switch to anything else. Tide Pods are the best products out there!', {'entities': [(137, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After receiving Tide Pods in the mail, I simply refuse to purchase any other laundry detergent. My clothes are brighter and smell simply marvelous! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved this product, when I first used the pod I thought no way this is going to work it cleans great everything I have come to expect from Tide.', {'entities': [(141, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried the Tide pod and it was better than thought it would. It had the great cleaning power of Tide along with my favorite Tide scent but so easy to use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Popping Tide Pods in my washer was the easiest laundry related thing I have ever done. I didn't have to measure the detergent or put additives in the wash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Tide Pods are great! I would highly recommend them to everyone to try and I'm sure they will love them as much as I do.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So much less to carry home and store. Faster and less messy. My mother always used Tide powder. She would have loved this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(83, 87, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really enjoyed tide pods they work as well as the liquid detergent that i love using. Tide is definately the way to go.', {'entities': [(88, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Pods are the latest and greatest of laundry detergents! I loved them. So easy and no mess. Way to keep in the lead, Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(116, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family wasted laundry detergent in the past but not with Tide Pods, Thanks a million for helping me save.', {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the product. I feel it is one of the best products Tide has but I also feel it is expensive.', {'entities': [(65, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Leave it to Tide to bring us a product that is easy to use, performs well and makes my life easier. Bravo! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband works outdoors and gets very dirty. These Tide Pods are easy to use, but most importantly they get the job done. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am an avid Tide user and these pods are terrific This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am absolutely in love with Tide Pods. I love that I can just grab and throw them in, then I put my clothes in. I have a top loader so I do not have the problems others have had, although I did use a TIDE POD with my Afghan and I am not sure that was a good idea but those blankets are so touchy anyways. I really love the PODS and only buy a small bottle of liquid for those tiny loads. I love that I know how many more loads I can do with the pods and get the exact amount of loads it says I can get. If you do the liquid the measuring is not always so accurate. For those who have problems with front loaders DO NOT BE DETERRED, simply put your pod in VERY FIRST and then put your clothes on top. It doesn't take long for the PODS to dissolve. GOOD LUCK and thanks for the awesome product!! If I could get a FREE product for such an awesome review please feel free.. haha THANKS!!!", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods have been my lifesaver. My washing machine just broke.I have physical disabilities and can't afford a new washer. I have had to resort to washing our clothes in the bathtub. A painful, tedious and time consuming task for me. With the TIDE PODS, I just toss 1 under the running water in the bathtub as it is filling. They dissolve very quickly. I give it a quick stir and add my clothes. I leave them to soak for about 30 minutes or so. No scrubbing needed, just swish around halfway through, then rinse. My clothes come out sparkling clean, any stains are gone, the whites are white and they smell great too. I am very picky about our clothes being clean and this by far exceeded my expectations.I also will save money as well. I would just pour in the liquid tide, and I know I more than likely used way to much. Thank you for creating this wonderful product.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Pods work without any problem in top loaders, (I have one which I use for things that need overnight soaking) if you put in the pod and then add the water and clothes. Some have complained of residue from Front Loaders with Pods. I also have a Whirlpool Duet Front Loader. I have never had a problem when I do a full load, as my washer automatically adds additional water. If I was only doing a small load, as my housekeeper sometimes does, then I have simply cut the pod, adding the liquid detergent to a cup of water and then put that into the drawer dispenser, and then put the colorant and stain fighter into an additional cup of water and added that to the automatic beach dispenser. Works like a charm and the entire load is wonderfully clean. I use only cold water and even aged grease stains have come out with Tide Pods.', {'entities': [(819, 823, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Tide customer for as long as I can remember. Even in my toughest times when I had to count pennies during college, I would purchase Tide over other less expensive laundry detergents because of the proven effective results of Tide over other leading detergents. I've been using Tide in the liquid form until recently when I switched over to the PODS, unfortunately I have been dissapointed with the restults of the residue that is left on the fabric where the POD itself does not COMPLETELY disolve in hot or cold wash of my front load HE LG washer. The convenience of an all in one POD is excelllent, and I will continue to use Tide, however I will return to the liquid form in order to avoid the stuck on residual of the POD packet. I do hope that Tide will take into consideration the customer feedback with regards to the POD and improve on this problem.", {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used Tide liquid for many years.Occasionally tried lower priced detergent,but always come back to Tide to get clothes cleaner fresher smelling.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is a great product. I get more loads from tide than any other brands. A small investment to protect your clothes. And to get longer lasting. hold new colors to my clothes. And does not cause skin to scratch like cheaper products. I will never switch or try another brand other than Tide.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide has been our laundry detergent of choice for over 20 years we have come to rely upon Tide for getting the clothes clean and keeping the colors vibrant. I used the free sample of Tide Pod on a load of my sons' mixed color t-shirts. I was impressed by the ease of use - just pop the pod into the washer, without worrying about spilling a liquid detergent! The t-shirts came out freshly cleaned, with vibrant colors. My sons were not so happy with the amount of scent left in their t-shirts. I will use Tide Pods on our towels and sheets, but not on the boys' clothes. I am hoping that a future iteration of the pods will be scent-free, so all of our clothes can be vibrant and scent-free (with no more liquid detergent drips to clean up) soon! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide for over 40 years I wouldn't use anything else. It's the only one I use because it really does make your cloths white and also keeps them bright.", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i just have tried Classic Tide and still being the only product for my laundry that i will use, i have tried Coldwater formula and now the classic one, both are great, in fact do not find any difference, makes my load sparkling clean without any complication or even care of the water temperature or the water hardness just add the clothes select the jeans or smart cycle, the water temperature Cold and the detergent directly and done, and get back great results in any type of clothes and in any cycle, so is the best detergent that i have ever tried, even i have a washing machine LG Turbodrum system and does the results are so far the best with the combination Tide and washer technology. i just recommend the Tide to anyone', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the Tide To Go pens. I have not only used it on my clothing but also on the seats of my car! It has saved me a lot of stress away from home. I would like to tell you a funny story about the pen. My teenage daughter was sitting in class at school when she noticed a spot on her white shirt. She reached into her purse to get her Tide To Go pen. Without looking to see what she was doing she proceeded to remove the unsightly stain. A classmate had asked her what she was doing. Not understanding what the concern was she looked down and saw that she had grabbed her pink highlighter instead and had drawn a big beautiful circle on her shirt!', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I got your sample a few months ago, I was very satisfied with the results, so I went out and bought a 57 pacs capsule, it was the best choice since I did bot have to worry about measuring and wondering if I added enough, this has made it simple, fast and convenient. I could not have asked for something so great, this product is your best idea, plus I can use the capsule for refilling or other uses like a fish bowl or something( maybe you should have a competition to see what can be made/used from these capsules). There is one thing nice about the capsule, it makes it so easy to see how much I got left and when I need to buy more. Now I hope you keep this product. Thanks Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(684, 688, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a disclaimer, I live in a city with great naturally soft water, and most detergents work with little difficulty here. I also used liquid Downy fabric softener with this load. I received a free sample of Tide Pods and used them with cold water in my front loading HE washer to launder deep purple sheets. Not only did it remove some greasy spots left behind from hand lotion, it rinsed the hair oils and odor out of the pillowcases. The sheets were soft and clean smelling. I'm glad I let my 9-year old read the instructions though she was the one that pointed out that in front loading washers, the pod should be tossed in the drum, not left in the soap dispenser to dissolve. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(206, 210, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a college student living in a dorm, and trudging up and down three flights of stairs with a hamper of clothes is awful when you're lugging a big bottle of detergent as well. I just bought Tide Pods in the Spring Meadow scent, and so far they've been a life saver. You just bring one or two down to the laundry room. The only problem I've had is that once (just once) the pods left a bit of gunk on a sweater of mine, but that was quickly solved when i washed it a second time. The trick with these is to avoid overloading, otherwise obviously there's going to be a stain on your clothes, because they don't dissolve. I like them a lot, will definitely be purchasing again.", {'entities': [(192, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide. I've been a fan for years so when Tide came out with the new Pods I was skeptical to say the least. I wondered how Tide could possibly improve upon a perfect product and was prepared to be disappointed. I thought it was just a gimmick but boy was I pleasantly surprised! I LOVE,LOVE,LOVE the Tide pods. They are so easy to use, no lifting a heavy jug or worrying about spills or measuring wrong. Plus no having to add anything extra, everything you need is right there in the Pod. I've never had to pre-treat a stain when using Tide but for those who think they need to, no worries! Its all in the Pod. My laundry is looking better than ever! I'm telling all my friends and family about the Tide Pods. Thank-you Tide! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The tide pods are fabulous, no hassle, and a great time saver as I just plop then into the washer receptacle and push start. We have been using Tide liquid detergent and we have it on top of our washer (receptacle pointing down) and because it is sitting on its side, it tends to leak if the cap is not put back on the nozzle, these pods eliminate the messiness. When we first got them, I thought they were dishwasher pods and when we noticed they were for our washer, we thought what a great idea as principally they work the same. Most importantly, the detergent did a wonderful job in cleaning our clothes. I would recommend them to my friends. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(144, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Use Tide Pods HE as soon as they came out. At first I did not use it correctly, and learned how to use it correctly when I called Tide. They kindly educated me. Learned to place the pod at the bottom of the tub and towards the front, UNDER the clothes. Never had a problem after that. Use it in conjunction with Tide Liquid HE directly on stains as soon as I discover a stain. By the time I do laundry, the Tide Liquid HE would be dry. Then I used Tide Pods HE in the laundry room and Laundromat. Love it because it does not make a mess. They are easy to transport in a plastic bag. If kept around for a long time, the white part becomes dark, but it still works just as well. Know of no other brand that works as well!', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had a stain in my favorite skirt, you know, the one that fit just right Well I had tried everything to get rid of it to no avail. I received a free sample of Tide Pods and told myself if this works I'm gonna buy it, not only did I put my skirt in, but I put in every piece of clothing I owned that had a stain in as well. I was skeptical to say the least, but to my surprise and joy every single piece came out stain free and the smell is amazing. Tide you have a new customer I was trying to save money by buying what was cheap and it ruined half my wardrobe. My husband is excited too, now I don't have to spend money to replace all that was not wearable before. Thank you so much Tide for saving my wardrobe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Pods since they appeared on the market in my local area. I love the fact that I can just throw the pod in the washer and not deal with pouring a liquid. Like others I have had a few instances when residue has remained on my clothing, such as a blue stain or plastic that has not dissolved when washing an extra heavy load. When I cut back on the load I have no problems and my clothes always come out clean and smelling great. My teenage children do their own laundry and also love the Pods. In fact they insist on doing their own laundry since it is so easy. Thanks Tide for helping this busy PA mom out!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After reading many of these reviews I cannot understand why the tide PODS users who are disappointed in the product are not thinking that it may be a problem with their washing machine I have used Tide Pods since they were on the shelves of my supermarket and I would not consider any other product. They work Beautifully and never have I had a problem with blue stains or the plastic adhering to my clothes. My only disappointment in Tide is that they do not yet make the pods for their VIVID detergent. When they do that will be the only detergent I buy. Yes!! no more detergent for whites and another for darks. Hurry up Tide!', {'entities': [(197, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got Tide HE Turbo Clean for free to try. It arrived just in time as I was way behind on laundry. I was able to do 8 loads the first day. I was most impressed by how well it cleaned the baby bibs, it removed most food stains without any pretreatment. I also love how soft everything felt. The one thing I didn't like is it did not get heavy odors out as well as my current detergent. But as long as you don't have extremely smelly laundry (I'm currently potty training and cloth diapering) it left my other laundry smelling very fresh and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When my oldest daughter was a baby ,43 years ago she had a pink sweater set, that got formula stains all over the top. Try as I might I couldn't get them out. then . I kept the sweater set as it was for a very tiny set for a 5 lb baby. Twenty some odd years later a friend wanted to borrow the sweater set I tryed once again to get out the stains even sent it to the dry cleaners. The stain was there to stay. or so I thought. We gave it to her and when she returned the sweater set the stains were gone what did you use to get out the stains I asked Tide she answered . A 20plus year old stain. Need I say more", {'entities': [(551, 555, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just recently purchased a new Samsung Silvercare Washer and have been using Tide ever since. I really enjoy the original scent over all the other scents that Tide makes. I used other brands of detergent in the past but none compare to Tide HE orginal scent! My washer gets my clothes the cleanest they have ever been. I don't know why I waited so long to get a High Efficiancy washer, they virtually use no water and they get your laundry three times as clean! I will use this scent of Tide as long as I do laundry, and that's a long time!", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I must say I was hesitant when I received my Tide Pods sample and saw how tiny it was. Tide packed a lot of power into these pods. I call 'em Power Pods. I love the simplicity of them. Just drop one in the load and go. No mess and they look good. The best part of all is there is no measuring! I washed my bed sheets with my sample and the sheets look and feel wonderful. Better than the liquid version I normally use, don't know, but I like their ease of use. Detergent, stain remover and brightener in one. I want to buy these now. It doesn't get any better. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(45, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample in the mail and greatly appreciated the opportunity to try one of my favorite laundry product. When I pulled out my first batch of laundry, I was pleasantly surprised. It seemed brighter and softer. After drying, it seemed to have less wrinkles. I thought maybe it was my imagination but the next day my son came over and did some of his laundry. He also remarked as to it seeming to be cleaner and asked if I had a new detergent that I had put into the Tide bottle. I laughed and told him it was a sample I received in the mail. I will be using Tide routinely in the future.', {'entities': [(474, 478, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am always looking for ways to make life easier and more efficient, and thank you to TIDE PODS for making this possible. I have almost exclusively used Tide due to skin sensitivity but other brands were coming out with these tablets. I thought it was cool and easy (but not Tide) Now with PODS I can have my cloths cleaned as well as everyone else in my household. My cloths are as clean as ever and my college age children have an easy way to do laundry. The PODS are a little pricey but there is also no waste. So I think this is a wonderful product and recommend it to all who come to my house.', {'entities': [(153, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Gain lately, love the smell, it is a little cheaper than Tide, AND it effectively gets my clothes clean. BUT I bought a small bag of Tide pods at the grocery, curious what it is all about. I love them! Smells great, easy to use, no messy detergent bottle AND I love the packaging! (I'm a sucker for that stuff) I will definitely buy again! I got the ocean mist kind. I do wish I could smell the different scents before buying, I just had to go out on a limb and hope I liked the scent, and I did.", {'entities': [(75, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I never used tide until I bought a new front loading washer. there was a free bottle of Tide Total Care in the machine. I was amazed from the lst load of whites!! I didn't use a softner, and very little bleach. the whites came out as white as new and soft and fluffy, when I washed towels and wash clothes they were also soft and fluffy and I really love how they smell... I now have a problem...for some reason I can't find the total care in any of the stores that used to carry it. Even this web site doesn't show it. so what happened to the total care", {'entities': [(88, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a front load washer with a high dispenser cup. There's no heavy jug to lift from the shelf or spilling to pour in a dispenser cup. I throw in 1 or 2 Pods and my clothes come out clean and smell good. BUT Best Of All, Even my HUSBAND couldn't mess this one up! THANK YOU TIDE! Please hurry and make a Tide Bleach Pod for my whites, that jug is heavy too! P.S. The round Pod Jug would be Better than the bag they come in. My husband is smashing them in the grocery bag! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(307, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Like many other young families, we are on a strict budget. We have been making our own laundry soap for over a year now, and it was time for a change. As opposed to going back to buying a lower cost, sub-standard detergent, I took a friends advice and tried the Pods. For around .21 per load, our clothes are now super clean,brighter, and smell incredible! With toddlers, and a puppy there is a lot of laundry, and Tide Pods make laundry less of a chore. THANK YOU!', {'entities': [(415, 419, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Tide pods for almost 2 years, and I have never had one issue with pods not dissolving or causing discoloration on my clothing. They make laundry easier... the clothes smell great... and they're economical. I don't use nearly as much soap as I used to when I bought the liquid. I've been reading some of the negative reviews, and I don't know why people are having negative results with Tide pods. I do know that you cannot overload your washer or the pod will not work effectively. Other than that, I intend to continue using Tide pods. They're amazing!", {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband works in maintenance and get his jeans very dirty at times. I received the Spring Meadow Tide PODS sample today in the mail and decided to pop it in the washer with several pairs of his dirty work jeans without pretreating as the sample contained a stain remover. Well, I'm here to say that his jeans came out super clean and smelled wonderful! Thanks for making such a wonderful product that not only cleans well, but is a great time saver! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(100, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the only detergent ent I trust and use.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I recently found the PG website and found Tide Pods, It has everything you could ever want in a Detergent all in one little premeasured Pod, That saves on waste of detergent and leaves my families clothing looking and smelling heavenly, and the price is amazing too, so I would like to say Thank You again Tide, for coming up with an amazingly economical and pleasing detergent product. KUDOS TIDE!!!!!', {'entities': [(42, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always had better results with Tide products starting with the powder, then the liquid when it was first introduced. Since I have had excellent results with the similar new dishwasher pacs that are now available, I decided to give Tide Pods a try. Very glad I did. They work as advertised with much less mess. I have not experienced problems with the Pods dissolving or spotting clothes that a few of the reviewers have mentioned. The Pods work as advertised for me when stored properly and thrown into the bottom of the drum before the clothes. I have always had a tendency to overuse detergents which is one reason that I wanted to try the Pods. One Pod seems to be perfect in my front-loading HE washer. I started with Ocean Mist which seems to have the least fragrance (I prefer free detergents). Hard to detect any scent in the clothes at all, but this might be because we always use the extra rinse feature of our washer. End result: I think Tide Pods clean better than Tide liquid. A perfect example is my work/fishing hat - talk about a greasy, sweaty and dirty mess at the end of a week of fishing. In the past I have always had to pre-treat it. Well I forgot, and threw it in with all the other fishing clothes and towels that we use on the boat. Not only was it clean, but some old stains that had not come out with previous washings were gone. I am really pleased. If nothing else, I no longer have to clean up liquid detergent that always seems to drip on the floor.', {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is great. Pods are the best. Easy to use, excellent cleaning, stain removing with a delightful smell!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been using Tide pods for several months now and I don't plan on making any changes. Tide pods are easy to use, they work well and they smell fantastic. We went camping this summer and the campground we stayed at had a laundry, we took along our Tide pods in a zip lock bag and every one made the trip and took up very little space in our packing. We have a 12 year old son who is learning to do his own laundry and Tide pods have made this a very simple task. Thank you for this product", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide Pods for the last 6 months and highly recommend to friends. My husband is a mechanic and tide is the only detergent that gets his clothes clean. I enjoy the pods because I have limited space for detergent bottles. The tide pod container is easier to dispose of then the large detergent bottles. I have never noticed any stains left from pods.', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't say enough about this new product. It is so simple to use and the results are superb. My laundered items smelled so good and came out clean. I could use it in my HE front loading machine by just tossing it in with the dirty clothes and was so neat. In other words, no drips from a bottle. I can't wait to use up my liquid detergent so i can switch to the Tide Pods! Thank you Tide for being my favorite and economical detergent of choice. You did it again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(363, 367, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I prefer Tide Pods, because they are an all in one product. Most importantly though, they work! My clothes are clean and stains are gone. I have a front loading washing machine and the convience of just throwing in Tide Pods and knowing my laundry will be stain free and clean means alot. I don't have to go back and re-wash things, they get clean the first time.", {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("To me, Tide never seems to get it wrong and this product is just another shining example. This detergent didn't cause the colors of my clothes to fade and kept my whites their whitest. I used this on both the sanitary and quick wash speeds and it performed equally well on both getting my back others clean and leaving a fresh scent behind. Tides price point is a smidgen high but the product quality is what you have come to expect from Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased Tide Pods recently because of the Tide name and because of the packaging. However I must admit that I love the simple direction of dropping one in the washer and that's all that needs to be done. Better, I was pleasantly surprised how soft and clean my wash was and I honestly look forward to the next time I have a load to do.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At first, I did not think one Tide pod would be enough to clean an entire load of laundry. I threw it in the water, and it didn't seem to dissolve at all, but after I put the clothes in, the water began to suds up and one pod seemed to clean a regular load of laundry just as well as regular Tide liquid. Very Impressive! Smells great too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was skeptical at first, I mean how much easier could Tide PODS make doing laundry Well the answer is SO MUCH EASIER! I love not having to worry about measuring and messy drips.', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have heard about Tide PODS before but I never really tried them because I just don't really think about laundry. I received a sample of this product and after using it, I fell in love with it!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods is a genius way to add detergent to your wash load. Love the fact that there's no detergent mess in my laundry room. Love it.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the new Tide Pods. I have received many free samples through purchasing another Tide product and through the free sample in the mail. I think the Tide Pods do a great job at cleaning and whitening my clothes, and on top of that I love the new Spring Meadow scent. I plan to buy a package of Tide pods on my next grocery purchase. Especially because I just used my last one today! Thanks for the new product! You guys are awesome! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been using Tide Pods in my household for about 3 months and WE LOVE THEM. My husband actually introduced me to these and I'm glad he did. We try to keep these in the house as much as possible! They work great with not just tide detergent but other detergent as well and it leaves our clothes smelling great! I can't seem to understand why some people have given the pods bad reviews because I wouldn't want to use anything else!!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Being on a pretty strict budget leaves me no choice but to buy less expensive detergent most of the time, but I do buy Tide HE whenever I can. I can tell the difference after just a couple of washes in the overall appeal of my clothes. I don't seem to need any less, but it sure is worth the money whenever I can manage it. The cheaper detergents work well enough, but are not always the best buy!", {'entities': [(119, 123, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In a word, Tide Pods have turned out to be great. Gone are the days of measuring cups, dripping detergent bottles, and the like. I now feel free to store my laundry supplies in a regular, finished cabinet. When it comes time to do the laundry, I just toss one pod in with each load and never think about it again. And while I dont tend to get a lot of dirt on my clothes, Tide Pods seem entirely effective at their primary job of getting my clothes clean.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent me and my whole family purchase. We have kids that love to get grass stains all over their clothes especially with them playing sports and i just spot treat it with my Tide and put it in the wash BOOM its gone!! Love the new scents my favorite is Clean Breeze and April Fresh. Buy it I promise you won't want to go back to any other. Awesome job Tide LOVE this product keep on making it for HE!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Tide Pods they do not take up a lot of space in my laundry closet, they are pre-measured so they are not messy to use like liquid detergent, they have a nice clean smell,they make a lot of suds in the washing machine so you know your clothes are getting really clean and you can use it in hot or cold water. I use one at a time for a full load so I bought the 52 load jug today they will last me a while. SUPER PRODUCT! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Tide Pods to give them a try. I love them!! They clean my clothes and leave them smelling fantastic!! I did the math and came to the conclusion that they will save me money since I tend to use too much liquid in my regular washes. The Pods are quick and easy, just toss them in and toss in the clothes!!', {'entities': [(9, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My mother always used Tide. I tried using other brands to save money, but they never got my clothes as clean and found that Tide is cheaper in the long run if you I want clean clothes. I now have a front loader and use the HE. The new actilift seems to get the stains out without pretreating the stains I normally would have pretreated, which is a plus as I often forgot about the stains to pretreat them.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Mess-free, small enough to fit in your purse, and fights tough stains- Tide PODS is the way to go!', {'entities': [(71, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The original Tide Laundrey Detergent is one, if not the best, Detergent available to consumers. Febreze is a wonderful scent and covers a lot of bad odors in the air, therefore it can only enhance Tide by bringing them together. The only down side to Tide is the price, it is a little expensive, but it does do the job very well. Clothes come out fresher, cleaner, etc.', {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought a small package of the pods to try them out. I LOVE them, no more measuring or bulky bottle in my laundry room. I hope they stick around it makes laundry time so much easier. I know I am getting my moneys worth out of each container. No more guessing in measured amount. Great Job Tide!', {'entities': [(290, 294, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved it! I was a bit skeptical at first because of the pods. Would they desolve thoroughly, would they leave a residue from not desolving, etc. But I love them! The clothes are clean, smell so fresh, and no pouring or measuring! I have always been a Tide user and what a great way to use it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(253, 257, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the new Tide pods!!! It makes doing laundry quicker and simpler. I don't have to lug around a bunch of big bottles anymore and my clothes come out clean and fresh smelling every time. This is the best product I have found in a very long time. Quality and affordability, Wonderful!!!", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide Pods make laundry a breeze! I simply toss in one Tide Pod, then add clothes water. No more measuring or spilling for me! It's like magic! What a genius invention!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Talk about handy!!! These little pods worked as well as the best of anything else I've ever used. (Besides home use, take 'em on vacation to use at the laundrymat! Or to Grandma's so you aren't using up her personal favorite.) Unfortunately, we're so old we don't get a lot of terrible stains to report about.... But like all the Tide products, I expect this one to perform like a champ. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(330, 334, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used your sample in an h e washing machine. I washed a load of towels and white socks with it. I didn't use bleach. It did an excellent job! Tide is usually out of my price range. But I'll get some pods for when I have tough laundry problems. Thanks for the sample! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(143, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tide Pods are lighter to carry than the liquid detergent, and I love the TideFree Pods for us chemically sensitive people. Thanks for leading the way, Tide!', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used nothing but Tide for over 40 years. I always know my laundry will come out cleaner with a pleasant fragrance. It's also a saving on fabric softener. I only wish I would have known of it's preformance and quality much sooner. May I suggest people use it, at lease once, and compare it to their bargain brand. It's fantastic!", {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just started to use the Tide pods I absolutely love them. They have made my laundry duties so convenient, and they launder better than anything else. Our clothes seem cleaner, fresher, brighter, and softer, than ever before. Something happened to me since switching to theses magical pods, I now love doing the laundry, miracle.So love this product I am telling everyone!!!!', {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("There are several different people who do laundry in my house and I was buying laundry detergent every time I went shopping. Now, not so often! No over-use or wasting with Tide Pods, they're great!", {'entities': [(172, 176, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide pods are so easy to us. You just drop it in and start the washer. There's no measuring and spilling involved. I love how you don't have to buy big heavy bottle and then recycle it. I would recommend this product to anyone who has a doubt about it.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My 100 cotton white sheets carry a fabric care label that calls for cold water. I had been less than happy with the appearance of my sheets after trying several washing products. But, when I used Tide for cold water with the new Acti-Lift technology and my sheets came out a wonderful bright white! They look great!', {'entities': [(196, 200, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide PODS work great take the stains out. It's nice to not have to measure any messy detergent...just toss the PODS in the washer and go.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My wife didn't like the pods at the start ( she had miss read the directions) she thought she had to pre-desolve the pod before washing, I pointed out that she was mistaken! Now she is in love with them, no powder or bleach to add. Thank You Tide", {'entities': [(242, 246, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After buying these on a whim I will never go back. These little things are amazing you just pop one in and that is it no measuring detergent and you don't have to use a dryer sheet. Love how they are completely mess free and do not hardly take up any room at all. Thank You Tide for creating what in my mind is the perfect product.", {'entities': [(274, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Finally! The Tide Pods Detergent is such an easy, hassel free way to clean laundry. Just tossing the pod in the washer is soooo much easier. Lugging a big heavy container around and trying to pour the liquid into the cap while having enough strength to hold and tilt the container is a pain. It's almost a pleasure to do laundry! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the simplicity of using Tide Pods. I have always been a Tide user, but this has made it more convenient with less waste. Thank you!', {'entities': [(31, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Tide Pods! I used them in my front load washer and it was SO EASY! Tide Pods also make my clothes smell super fresh and I love the smell of laundry!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Tide all of my life, and would have never changed, but this new Tide is even better. Great convenience, great smelling, wonderfully clean clothes. Thanks, Tide for making it more fun to wash. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just tried it on my all white laundry with a hot and cold cycle. The white clothes turned out as white as new! I have forgotten to add softener in the wash, but the clothes still turned out to be soft. I like it doesn't leave behind too much of a smell of being washed, like some of the Tide liquid! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(289, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved my sample of Tide Pods Detergent. It did the job in a HE Front Loading washer with a large load of clothes. I will definitely be purchasing some Tide Pods in the future. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(21, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide Pods make laundry fast and easy! Just pop one in, add clothes and you are ready to go. Your clothes come out clean and smell fresh. So do laundry the easy way with tide pods. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used the pod saw no difference in the laundry results. Whether I buy it on not will be determined by the price per load vs. the Tide liquid I now use. But it sure was easy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(130, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Tide Pods, they are easy to use, clean very well an no mess. I read some of the reviews and would like to say I have had no problems with the Pods only good results. Thanks Tide.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think this is a perfect product for extremely dirty work clothes. Left them clean and with a pleasant smell. I will definitely buy these Tide Pods and recommend them to other people. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a first time Mom I thought I had to switch to expensive baby detergents.... I found myself missing the good old tide standby! On my second child, I just kept using tide.... and never had any problems with sensitive skin or rash! Tide is my standby :)', {'entities': [(232, 236, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide is the only laundry detergent for us, and Tide Pods are a great new easy way to experience this cleaning power! Just toss one in with your dirty clothes -- stains are gone, colors are bright, and the wash is clean as a whistle. I highly recommend this product and will definitely buy it again. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Pods are so convenient that I cannot wait to send my daughter off to college knowing that she will be equipped to take on her own laundry. The smell is wonderful no mess with Pods. This is by far the 1 product on the market today! Way to go Tide for giving us such a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(241, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you for my free Tide Pod sample. It is so convenient - just toss in the tub and go. No measuring or spilling. What a cleaver invention!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Tide since I was old enough to wash clothes. I love the way my clothes feel and smell. My whole family feels the same way.Don't care for the scented detergents, that is why I perfer original Tide. Thanks, Tide", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't yet received a sample, so I went ahead and bought them. I love them, the scent, the cleaning power Tide is known for, they are great!!!!!", {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a front loading washer and the Tide Pods make it so much easier and convenient with no mess. I also like how it cleans the clothes.', {'entities': [(38, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Received as a sample and loved the ease of it. We've only used Tide because of our family sensitive skin.", {'entities': [(63, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Well I did'nt belive it could work or be enough in that little ball but it was and it worked great just like Tide always does This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(109, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It got out stains that NO OTHER DETERGENT EVER got out. And they were much more expebnsive then Tide.I will NEVER go back to using nothing else but Tide.Especially when you have a son who get into everything.', {'entities': [(96, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These little babies are amazing! They are so easy to use and you get the same results as the pourable Tide. Men can use this product, without supervision, on their ladies clothes! :) I will be buying this product when I run out of my Bottle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(102, 106, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide cleaned the clothes very well-got out most of the stains the kids got into.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These Tide Pods are amazing. I have a baby that is constantly getting stuff all over his clothes and these tide pods put the colors right back into the clothes. Takes out all the stains imaginable. I absolutely love this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As far as liquid detergents go, Tide is the best. The PODS are very convenient.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have arthritis so handling a bottle of Tide is a little difficult. The Tide Pods are great - just toss one in. I used my sample for towels and they came out very nicely - with minimum suds (I have a top loader). This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(41, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods are terrific. I cut back on the amount of laundry I do, by teaching my 3 teenagers how to do their own laundry. The Tide Pods make it even easier for them. No complaining now!!! Love it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I trust Tide to get the stains out with out fading or beach spots. I like the smell of Tide the smell of clean. I know that Tide wont harm my washer. Keep up the good work to all that make Tide.', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I* absolutely love tide2x with bleach alternative.I love all tide products I have tried others and have always come back to tide My clothes always smell fresh. Tide has even taken out blood stains', {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the new Tide Pod quick and easy to use, no mess, no measuring just pop it in the washer. Clothes came out clean and smelling fresh but not over powering. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Loved how simple it is to use Tide Pods. Just toss it in with the clothes and walk,away. No mess and hassle of measuring. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Tide Pods. They are neat and convenient, and reasonably priced, and do a great job of getting the wash clean and bright. The scent I tried is gentle and soft, (spring meadow), non-intrusive, and does not smell at all like soap, or laundry, but more like a softly scented candle in a spa. I love the product!!! I'd give it more stars if I could. I love that they are neat, also and cannot spill or drip. No bottle, no mess, more environmentally friendly.", {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband is a marine mechanic and between gear oil and brake clean his cloths are pretty funky. I have always used Tide and when the pods came out I fell in love with Tide all over again! I personally see that the pods clean his clothes better than liquid Tide. I have not had any of the pods not disolve, I use a top load machine. Now, I know you cannot add before clothes in a front loader, but since I am using a top load I add the pods then start machine filling before I add the clothes. I really really like the pods and I hope they keep this product around!', {'entities': [(117, 121, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always taken great pride in the way I do laundry for not only myself, but for my family as well. I have tried many other brands and have always asked myself why I believe in this product 100 and will NOT ever use another. The new Tide Pods are a hit in my home and I know I have done my husband proud when he comes home from working a dirty construction job and mentions that some of his fellow crew members have said to him You always smell fresh and clean that is what its all about. Thank You Tide for making such an awesome product!!!', {'entities': [(237, 241, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Tide cleaned my clothes so well! I have a 6-year old that loves to get her clothes dirty and it worked wonderfully on lifting all the stains she can acquire with just an hour of playtime outdoors! In addition to leaving our clothes looking brand new, it also provides a clean and fresh scent that lasts throughout the day. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample in the mail and I was skeptical at first, but after my laundry was done I was totally surprised at how much it brightened my clothes. I am always on the go and these little pods make it easy to just toss it in load clothes and done. I will definitely buy them. One thing I would recommend is that you make some with the original scent Tide, the new scents are ok, but I prefer the good old scent of Tide. Keep making these they are great! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(355, 359, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used regular tide for many years. I now have a new washer and dryer and have changed to the Tide HE detergent. Am real satisfied with that too. However, I have always soaked my whites and want to continue to do so. But I don't know how to do this with this new machine.", {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("New Tides Pod Detergent is great if you have no time to think about laundry but want really clean and clothes. And who doesn't want that, especially with the eye-popping colors that are everywhere this spring. Totally happy with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband works in a welding shop and never seems to have a product that gets his hands totally clean. Then one day he used my Tide powder, and low and behold, his hands have never been cleaner and softer. He tells everyone else about his TIDE!!', {'entities': [(128, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I swear on my life that tide is the best stain fighter! I have used stain removers before and i have received no results. But with tide, i can use just the laundry detergent and my clothes become cleaner and brighter! And to top it off, they give my clothes a great smell that last until i need to wash them again. Tide is my number one choice if you have children as well! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(315, 319, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a stay at home father and i raised 3 kids. It wasn't easy but relying on Tide helped me out The clean, the smell and the economical price, made it easier to help me raise our kids. Thank you Tide.", {'entities': [(78, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Tide Pods! They are so easy to use and not only does it clean my clothes well, it has this wonderful scent! How easy can it be Drop the pod, fill the washer and let it do it's job. As someone who has been doing laundry for some time, this has to be the easiest, most inventive way to do laundry since liquid detergent! Way to go Tide!", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We are a very busy household. Working parents with two little kids, a dog, and two cats there is always something that needs to be cleaned. Thank goodness I tried Tide HE Turbo Clean. I can wash my laundry in half the time, knowing it will come out clean and smelling great, and be able to get back to the family fun. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(163, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Can I just say from this point on I will only buy Tide Pods!! My daughter in law bought and gave me a couple to try and I am hooked! My laundry was clean and smelled wonderful. This is a task in its self with a house of 5 boys and just me the only girl! Thanks Tide for this amazing product. I hope to try out more of tide products!', {'entities': [(50, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Tide laundry detergent since my children have been little ones. They are now grown and also use Tide for their laundry. I use the one with a touch of Downy. Love it!!!', {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love these pods because you don't have to measure. You just pop one of the pods into the washer. No measuring or mess and you put the right amount of detergent into the washer. I would recommend this product to any body. I don't use anything else, but these pods. And using the pods is cheaper than buying a bottle of liquid Tide. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(327, 331, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried other detergents and always come back to Tide, it makes my clothes smell good and keeps the color and whitens everything. I would recommend this product to everyone.', {'entities': [(54, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVED the new Tide Pods. They are so convenient and easy to use. You just pop one right into the washer and wash your clothes. I give them a 10. The clothes came out bright and clean. Nothing to measure and they are easy to carry. No heavy box or bottle to lug around. Thanks for the awesome product. Keep up the good work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I never buy anything but Tide. It's the only detergent that cleans and is gentle for our sensitive skin. Turbo clean works great on the quick cycle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really liked the fragrances and softness of the clothes after using the Tide pod. Best of all and of great surprise my son offered to start doing the laundry if I buy the pods. He says he liked the way they feel and they are not as messy. Also, it takes up a lot less space in the laundry room. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(74, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was really excited to get this sample in the mail (especially since the package was so colorful!). Tide Pods made my clothes smell SO good and I loved that I only had to throw one pod in - no measuring or mess with laundry detergent. I will definitely be using this product again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(101, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the smell of the original scent Tide, and I even use the Tide washing machine cleaner in my new LG HE washing machine. Tide is the only detergent that will be used in my washing machine. It cleans great and smells good, what more could a person want', {'entities': [(39, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We bought a Frigidaire Affinity HE washer and dryer 6 months ago. Tide HE does an great job in getting clothes really clean in this machine. While it is a bit pricey, consider that the machines don't require a lot of detergent. We love our HE laundry pair, and we believe Tide HE the best choice.", {'entities': [(66, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Tide Pods are terrific. I cut back on the amount of laundry I do, by teaching my 3 teenagers how to do their own laundry. The Tide Pods make it even easier for them. No complaining now!!! Love it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the smell of my clothes washed in the new tide pods detergent. They were super clean as expected with a Tide product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(112, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Tide has always worked best for us Love it', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Like many other young families, we are on a strict budget. We have been making our own laundry soap for over a year now, and it was time for a change. As opposed to going back to buying a lower cost, sub-standard detergent, I took a friends advice and tried the Pods. For around .21 per load, our clothes are now super clean,brighter, and smell incredible! With toddlers, and a puppy there is a lot of laundry, and Tide Pods make laundry less of a chore. THANK YOU!', {'entities': [(415, 419, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I found the new Acti-lift Tide to be much better than I expected. I wear my sneaker, short white, socks around in my apt in the summer to keep my feet from being so dry. I used to treat them before every wash, because they pickup soil, but now I can just throw them in and they come out clean. Great!', {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really love the new Tide PODS.It worked great to remove the grease and grime from my work clothes. The only draw back I have found is if the pod doesnt dissolve totally it will harden on your clothes in the dryer. Has anyone found a way to remove this It ruined one of my work shirts,, But I continue to use the pods.', {'entities': [(22, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Not only does this product smell good and clean clothes well, it's easy for kids to use. My son is 13 and needs to start learning to do laundry. These will make it so very easy. I won't have to worry about him using too much soap in my HE washer. Thank you Tide! Your the best", {'entities': [(257, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I* absolutely love tide2x with bleach alternative.I love all tide products I have tried others and have always come back to tide My clothes always smell fresh. Tide has even taken out blood stains', {'entities': [(160, 164, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a front load washer with a high dispenser cup. There's no heavy jug to lift from the shelf or spilling to pour in a dispenser cup. I throw in 1 or 2 Pods and my clothes come out clean and smell good. BUT Best Of All, Even my HUSBAND couldn't mess this one up! THANK YOU TIDE! Please hurry and make a Tide Bleach Pod for my whites, that jug is heavy too! P.S. The round Pod Jug would be Better than the bag they come in. My husband is smashing them in the grocery bag! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(307, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tide is the only detergent me and my whole family purchase. We have kids that love to get grass stains all over their clothes especially with them playing sports and i just spot treat it with my Tide and put it in the wash BOOM its gone!! Love the new scents my favorite is Clean Breeze and April Fresh. Buy it I promise you won't want to go back to any other. Awesome job Tide LOVE this product keep on making it for HE!!!!!!!!", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I think this is a perfect product for extremely dirty work clothes. Left them clean and with a pleasant smell. I will definitely buy these Tide Pods and recommend them to other people. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Almay offers or offered a wooden pencil that is sperior in quality to the plastic twist to advance type. Not sure is they are discontinuing the wooden but the plastic doesn't go on as well-clean line-as the wooden and the crayon breaks easy.", {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the ease of it, but I wish it came waterproof and smudgeproof, it melts after you put it on almost right away, plus the pencil sharpener that lies in the head is so hard to clean then it falls out and you cant get it back in, sighhhhhhhhh I am very disappointed in Almay. I really do not think there is such a thing as an eyeliner pencil that doesn't smudge and make you look like you have been in a Rocky Fight lollllllllllll.", {'entities': [(272, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Previously had only used liquid liner. Decided to try this. Lost the first one while traveling and then bought a Maybelline Unstoppable Eyeliner. I was so surprised at how bad that one was compared to the Almay Intense. I had to hurry and get another Almay Liner. It is so smooth and wears so much better.', {'entities': [(205, 210, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the only brand of toilet paper I ever buy. I don't even consider another brand now that I have discovered Quilted Northern. It's VERY dependable. Never falls apart. It is cost friendly and now in this time of our economy, it seems to last a longer time. By far, I have to say it is the most comfortable toilet paper there is. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(114, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am senior that makes a lot of trips to the bathroom and having really soft but yet strong toilet paper really makes me happy. There is nothing worst than going somewhere and they don't have Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and I can sure feel the difference. To put it simple Quilted Northern ultra Plush is PRICELESS!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(192, 208, 'PRODUCT')]})
('he Quilted Northern is the best , I have found . I will continue to use this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(3, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('While it is very soft, it seems too thick and soft and leaves pieces behind. We go through too much of this toilet paper since there is less feet per roll (or at least it seems) compared to the Regular blue Quilted Northern we usually buy. The paper seems to wad up.roll up when wet and then leaves those pieces here and there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(207, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is so soft and I really like Quilted Northern products This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush because it is made of quality products and is reliable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is great to use, specifically when a person is sick because it prevents road rash from excessive wiping This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My stepson came over to the house and asked what toilet paper I buy, and I said Quilted Northern. He said its the softest he has used in a long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(80, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush lives up to its plush name. It felt soft to the touch and yet worked quite well as needed. Did not tear apart. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Like The 7 wipe .. Well I call It 7 wipe Because it take 7 times It Strong Fingers Don't Break Though , Quilted Northern Is The Best This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(106, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For years I have searched for the right product. There were those that were soft but not sturdy. Some were scratchy and thin. Others just fell apart. Finally, I found Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and only needed four sheets to get the job done. It was soft and yet strong. My quest is over! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(167, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried all brands of bathroom tissue but Quilted Northern Ultra plush with its three layers is not only soft but thick enough to do the job without having to use a lot of tissue. Saves with the cost plus it is a household favorite. Everyone noticed the difference and loved it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(47, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using store brands for years and later trying the name brands of toilet paper I can definitely say that I truly enjoy using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush!! This toilet paper is soft to the touch, absorbent, and leaves me and my family feeling clean. I don't like the single ply tissue that is out there, as you use more of it nor do I care for the scratchy feeling kind. This is the best all the way. I will continue to buy this for my household always. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(130, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When on the throne I need a tissue that's not just strong but extra cushy on my tooshy. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is a must when taking care of Royal dooties. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(88, 104, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tried many brands of toilet tissue in my 61 years of life, however, Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is by far the softest! I wouldn't buy any other brand!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(73, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family uses Quilted Northern Ultra Plus for our entire family, including our grand-babies it's that soft and durable. As a healthcare provider I recommend it highly, especially if your kids have allergies and asthma. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Normally get another brand, however I was visiting the in-laws and tried this Quilted Northern...had me at first wipe. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Would not use any other product other than Quilted Northern it is soft as a dream. We supply two homes with multi bathrooms with the product at all times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("through the paper. He doesn't have to worry with Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always Quilted Northern when they come out with UltraPlus I switched to it and have used it since which has been about 35 years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet tissue feels so soft and is so efficient at cleaning while staying soft, it is though each sheet were quilted by hand. How else could this product possibly be this good This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Quilted Northern - Ultra Plush - in all three bathrooms. Is it the cheapest tissue No, but some things are just worth paying for! I have realized that I have become a tissue hoarder because I have begun buying it by the CASE from an office supply store! I do not intend to run out of Quilted Northern!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern makes the best paper to use not only in strength but the amount per role. It last twice as long as any other brand the we have every used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is the only toilet paper that I buy because it's soft and strong at the same time. Keep up the good work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern for 30 years and will never change. It is the only tissue that works well with our septic system. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family LOVES Quilted Northern Ultra Plush because its soft, durable, and oh so smooth on the delicate areas. Nothing but the BEST for our family! From the bottom of my families bum, we appreciate you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is great, very soft and gets the job done, no irritation lasts longer than others. I'm Impressed with the Quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used a lot of different Toilet papers but know are as strong or as soft as Quilted Northern. People how come to my home have wanted to know which Toilet paper I use, so I let them in on it. I've used a few different well known brands, but I always go back. Now that's all I will buy, its worth it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(82, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern! And the price is right, too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been ONLY using Quilted Northern. Nothing compares. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Quilted Northern for about 3 months and love it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family loves Quilted Northern! It's top quality and always affordable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Our bottoms are happy with Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(27, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Like Quilted Northern Because It Doesn't Irritate My Southern Region! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Quilted Northern and my family love to use this product.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("through the paper. He doesn't have to worry with Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(49, 65, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have bought Quilted Northern Ultra Plush a few times and it's always worked great This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the softness of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, it is so very soft and durable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I always liked Northern but now i lo-o -ve Quilted Northern ultra plush! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When you have to have the best, Turn down all of the rest and buy Quilted Northern.. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(66, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always buy Quilted Northern toilet paper, good quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ultra Plush is a great Quilted Northern product, very plush!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush leaves us with clean underbrush and no need to double flush! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Quilted Northern! It is the best there is! Love the texture and everything about it! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have found the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush to be very smooth and not ruff like other brands. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(17, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Ultra Plush Quilted Northern. It is super soft and comfy. No scratching delicate skin! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the only toilet paper I by for our family. It's the best!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(4, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern for as long as I can remember. I WILL NOT PURCHASE ANY OTHER BRAND!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This meets my every need so soft absorbent. Glad I found and tried Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(67, 83, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern, it's the little things that matter.....you make my life soft, cushy, and luxurious! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We LOVE Quilted Northern. A large family of 6 - we go through a LOT of TP and this is our top choice! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(8, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The softness of Quilted Northern provides the best feeling of cleaning gently. Best is what I deserve. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It is my favorite toilet paper. It is soft and strong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I need to change and I choice Quilted Northern and i has lasted longer.', {'entities': [(30, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the best tissue there is. We use it all the time. We do not buy any other kind of tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this TP it is so soft, no tears when wiping I don't buy nothing else! WTG! Quilted Northern :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(82, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern tissue is soft and yet very strong, it is also easy on the nose when a child has a runny nose. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, its so soft on my skin and leaves me feeling so clean after every use. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Ultra Plush Quilted Northern very soft and gentle! I highly recommend great price and great quality! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(23, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I make sure that I always have a stockpile of Quilted Northern ultra plush. Right now I have 2 18 double packs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(46, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family loves Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet paper! It is not only super soft, but it's also strong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for couple of years now, I would never go back to my old toilet paper This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Plush complement for every home! Quilted Northern has demonstrated its luxury in this fine paper for every home. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(33, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have been buying Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for years.My wife love the softness of the tissue, and so do I . This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love, love, love this product. I've been buying Quilted Northern for years and have tried other products, but it is the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(50, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern for 30 years and will never change. It is the only tissue that works well with our septic system. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We recently tried Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and it was the best choice ever! It is our families number one choice! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I thought toilet paper is toilet paper until I tried Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. I think of it now as my guilty pleasure. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Toilet tissue should leave one feeling clean and fresh. Nothing does a better job than Quilted Northern Ultraplush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(87, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So Plush and soft.... so sweet and sensitive, yet so durable and gets the job done... Quilted Northern is like no other... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(86, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Normally get another brand, however I was visiting the in-laws and tried this Quilted Northern...had me at first wipe. :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(78, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is worth every penny, when it comes to toilet paper! Treat your self to softness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the softness and sturdiness of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. We use it in our household all the time. Thank you. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Quilted Northern only for many years and reccomend it for friendsZ', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have been using Quilted Northern for so long. We WON'T use anything else. We LOVE OUR QUILTED NORTHERN ULTRA PLUSH. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used other products, and dont seem as good as Quilted Northern. I have been using Northern Tissue for years now. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(53, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is soft to the touch and strong enough to get the job done. In my opinion it's the best toilet paper product on the market. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet tissue. It is exactly as described...Ultra Plush and very soft. It beats all others hands down! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern Ultra Plush on a regular basis for my family! Great product and excellent quality! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought Quilted Northern last week and absolutely LOVE IT!! It's so soft! This is my favorite brand and I highly recommend it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I usually buy Quilted Northern but recently my husband came ho e with another brand that was on sale. There is no comparison in the quality and softness of Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What an awesome product! I have used it for years, and it cleans well without tearing. It is easy on the septic system also, as well as my budget! Thank you Quilted Northern! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(157, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern for a good 20 years. I have tried others and like them. They were either too hard or too soft. Yours I have found stays just right. Thanks This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been a big fan and user of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It is a super soft paper and it holds up great with no accidental tearing when you don't want it to. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(39, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for some time now, after trying many other brands. I will not switch now as my husband also is very satisfied with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Quilted Northern all the time and I like how soft it is on your bottom and you feel clean and dry after using. The tissue at my job is the i ply ,and it feels like your using paper to wipe your bottom. You have to use more because you dont feel dry after using. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Our family has used Quilted Northern for years! It is a great product at a great value. We have had a full house of kids and everyone loves the softness and the feel of it. I would recommend any of the Quilted Northern products to you to try, you will love them, too! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really like the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush Paper. I have used other brands but they are not as soft and gentle as Quilter Northern Ultra Plush Paper. I really like the feel the thickness and the durability of this paper. It really holds up under pressure. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy nothing but Quilted Northern UltraPlush for my family and our soft tushes. We honestly are spoiled and will use nothing else. We have a joke in the family...It is Quilted Northern UltraPlush for our bottoms and nothing else. Thanks for a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was diagnosed with ulcerative colitis 10 years ago. With UC one frequents different bathrooms continuously. I am so glad that my home bathroom is stocked with Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. I know that it is number one in bathroom tissue--soft and soothing! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(161, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this brand! I have tried every brand you can imagine and after trying Quilted Northern Ultra Plush I will not go back to anything else. It is soft and thick enough it doesn't break. It doesn't crumble and most importantly my entire family loves it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(77, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My son asked why I had bought a bargain toilet paper...he said Geeze mom, you can put your fingers through it! Please don't buy anymore of that cheap stuff...He's right....We are back to only using the good stuff...thanks Quilted Northern Ultra Plush! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(222, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern has transformed my family's happiness and comfort. As a mother of four, I always want the best for my little ones. Whether using on a bum or wiping a nose, Quilted Northern has never let me down. It is an extension of a mother's touch! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used various brands. But now I will only buy Quilted Northern ultra plush is gentle and you don't have to worry about your wee ones complaining it's rough or tears and well you could only imagine when that happens extra clean up. I am worry free! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Very simple, this is the product I use and love, so soft! and no scratching or falling apart when using, a roll lasts far longer then others as you need less to do the job, big plus! I would recommend Quilted Northern to anyone that only wants the best. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(201, 217, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really didn't know there could be such apleasurable difference in toilet paper until I switched from my regular toilet paper to Quilted Northern...ultra plush...just like it says! We all love it... its it wrong to be so excited about toilet paper This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(130, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Started using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush a few weeks ago and every member of my family is delighted. I have not had such harmony on a subject since I lived alone. More comfortable, longer lasting, and great economy. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Previously we used a tube free brand. My family liked it until once it wasn't available we tried Quilted Northern Ultra Plush!! It is much softer, but, still strong. I only wish it was offered tube free. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(97, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the best. I never use anything else but the Ultra Plush. It is ultra soft and never leaves a residue. I would never use anything else and I have my son and most of my sisters using it too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Due to a medical condition I have I must use a very soft paper. This is the best out of all that I have used over the last 10 years with my condition. I have been using Quilted Northern for about 3 years now and have nothing but praise for it. Thank you Northern! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(169, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have used Quilted Northern for years. We have no chafing or paper coming apart when using. Cleans well and absorbs well. We used to use another name brand but it caused itching, balled up a left residue behind. Thank you for this opportunity to tell you how much we love your product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Although I grew up using Mr Whipple's favorite toilet paper, as an adult, I've chosen Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It's economical, and measures up to the test! Very durable and plush. It's softness can't be matched! Thank you for providing a quality product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(86, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I needed a tissue that was very soft. One that I could use for facial tissue if needed. It had to leave no lint. But it had to be very strong and absorbent. I tried just about everything on the market. There is no substitute for Quilted Northern Ultra Plush! I won't buy anything else! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(229, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using Quilted Northern and realized how much I have paid for a cheaper brand wasn't worth buying. Yes yours cost more but the bottom knows whats best. lol. The softness is so much better than any other I have used. Thanks and keep making these soft products for my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband enjoys telling new friends about the time he brought home the wrong toilet tissue and about those, as he calls it, little tender moments in life. He does this at my expense as he thinks, now, it was really funny because, friends, who were visiting at the time, never let him live it down how I made him go straight back to the store and get my Quilted Northern Ultra Plush Toilet Tissue. He makes a point of telling this story when I'm with him. When I saw what he brought home, I started nagging and complaining. You go right back to the store and get my Quilted Northern Ultra Plush! This stuff cuts me and sticks to me. What were you thinking You know how much I hate scratchy toilet paper. And on and on I went until he took the scratchy culprit back and got my Ultra Plush. In this house, NO other toilet tissue is allowed! Even though friends gave us a case of another brand, for Christmas, it was not used. We gave it away to anyone who would take it off our hands. This is how serious I am about my toilet paper. I even converted my hubby to Northern. After my surgery, I will be staying at a friends home for my recovery. She buys an inferior brand to save money. HA! All it does is cause bum rash, and hurts other areas. And one of my biggest gripes is, my fingers go right through it. I'm seriously considering carrying a roll, in my pouch, when visiting her home. One thing that will be packed for my stay will be my Northern Ultra Plush, which I found a great deal on. Maybe I can convert her I buy it in cases now so I hardly ever run out. I am that dedicated. I say hardly ever run out because I'm kicking myself for not ordering it earlier and we are down to our last roll. Now hubby will have to go to the store and get us a smaller package just to get us through until our case is delivered next week. Quilted Northern is soft, which is, especially important to us older ladies. It gets me clean does NOT stick to me, my fingers don't go through it, is great for my nose issues, and I like how we never have a plugged toilet anymore.", {'entities': [(355, 371, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Quilted Northern Ultra Plush Bath Tissue is soft to the feel and strong enough to resist tearing with a clean, design. The rolls are large enough that you do not have to change often but small enough to fit on the holder. It is everything one can ask for in a bath tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was amazed at how soft but strong it truly is! I used to use roll after roll with other branda because the sheets were so thin. Now I use less with way better results! Thank you Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for for putting the Ultra and the Plush in my toilet paper! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(180, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to say the brand didn't matter.. that they were all the same. But was I ever WRONG! I didn't realize how wrong I was until I found Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It's so soft and plush. It feels like you are wiping with a cloud! It's simply amazing! You can't beat the price either! Take the Quilted Northern challenge, and you too will never go back! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(138, 154, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Always loved this product ,Quilted Northern..', {'entities': [(27, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family refuses to use another type of toilet paper after purchasing the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. Oddly, we had a family discussion led by my youngest child ( she is 8). She said she loved this toilet paper which elicited a laugh from the rest. My son then chimed in and agreed. We are huge fans of the Ultra Soft. We truly love the super soft feel. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 91, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the best, what can I say We will not use other brand toilet paper because we love the quality and price point of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. We love that the purple packaging sticks out on the shelf and is easy to see among other brands. This is the softest toilet paper and even great for runny noses! Quilted Northern for the WIN! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought and used Quilted Northern Ultra Plush because the word plush stood out for me,after having a baby my daughter was having hemorrhoids and the toilet paper was thin and rough and hurting her,After I gave her the Quilted Northern,she said it was so much more comfortable,soft,and painless thanks to the plush feature of this toilet paper. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just love the softness of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush', {'entities': [(28, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bet walking on clouds, is very much like wiping with Quilted Northern.', {'entities': [(55, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used this tissue paper for the past five years. It is soft and yet gets everything the first time. I've had to buy other brands in an emergency and then finally started to stock up on Quilted Northern. Right now I hide a roll in my closet so that we never run out! It is very soft and durable. Thank you for getting it right. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(191, 207, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern ultra plush may seem like just another roll of toilet paper but it is in fact an unsuspecting, tough guy with a meek and gentle appearance. It offers the softness of a cloud with each use while cleaning up like a seasoned professional. These are our go to rolls as they consistently deliver time and time again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Quilted Northern for years. Quilted Northern has the best qualities you can find in one. It's soft, plushy, pillowy and very durable. Doesn't rip apart and leave you with some residue. I love the packaging of choosing the blue or purple. The prices are reasonable! All-in-one bathroom tissue you can get! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We recently bought some Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet paper and we are glad that we did. We have been suffering with some the worst and cheapest toilet paper known to the civilized world. I recommend that all types of people take care of themselves and should start buying the good stuff and not the cheap stuff. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had the opportunity to use Quilted Northern Ultra Plush quite frequently over the last 5 years. I am so impressed with the quality and dependability of the tissue. When you are in the situation to have to use toilet tissue often, you want something plush, not harsh, and have the assurance it gets the job done! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet tissue. If my grocery store is out of it, I will go to another until I find it. I'm not playing around. There is not another toilet tissue on the market that is as plush and as strong as Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. I even take my it when I go on vacation or even a day trip. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After using store brands for years and later trying the name brands of toilet paper I can definitely say that I truly enjoy using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush!! This toilet paper is soft to the touch, absorbent, and leaves me and my family feeling clean. I don't like the single ply tissue that is out there, as you use more of it nor do I care for the scratchy feeling kind. This is the best all the way. I will continue to buy this for my household always. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(130, 146, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Here goes my turn for a favorable review, A statement of love for Quilted Northern, and you. The family agrees it's the best, and we've tried...other brands. They tout they're top notch and say Please Try Us, They crumble, tear, fall apart they're a bust! So back to the Northern chant the family of mine, To keep peace in the bathrooms, the experience sublime. The softness caresses the skin to the touch, Now everyone's happy, we love it so much! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(66, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got a case of the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush as a housewarming present. Great present right! Well, the case lasted us a long time, and I grew accustomed to the glorious softness the Ultra Plush provided, and now I'm spoiled. I can't use anything else! I've tried other brands, but this is the best TP I've used. I like how it is soft but doesn't flake or fall apart. Thanks to my friend for converting me from generic to Quilted Northern Ultra Plush :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(20, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern Ultra Plush Toilet Tissue is the ONLY product of this type that I purchase. I have ulcerative colitis which results in frequent trips to the loo. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush TP reduces the soreness that can result from UC. I even take extra with me when I travel cause I can't count on other brands to keep me from becoming irritated. I purchase a 12 pack each week so I never run out. It's my favorite and it works for me. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used many brands and kinds of Toilet Paper over the last several years. Each brand I bought left me without any hope of ever finding a toilet paper that would not only be affordable, but would be comfortable to use as well. That is when I tried Quilted Northern and knew instantly I was going to be a customer of theirs for life. The paper is soft and gentle and my whole family loves it. Thank you Quilted Northern for this product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(252, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I get this toilet paper when I shop for it. It is soft and we use less. Thank you Quilted Northern', {'entities': [(82, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is one of the regular brands we buy for our family. I was really impressed with the softness of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. Not only is it soft, but it is comfortable to grasp and it tears easily off of the roll. The tissue is durable, strong, yet not scratchy or rough in any way. I love the quilting as this is what gives it the added softness. We will continue to purchase Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('It took a few years of buying two different tissues for me to finally convince my husband that Quilted Northern was THE BEST! He finally surrendered and then wondered why it took him so long. We will never use anything else!', {'entities': [(95, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I Love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet paper!!!!!! When my husband goes to the store now I always put the name of toilet paper I want cause if he doesnt get QNUP I get very upaet. QNUP does a great job, it doesn't tear eazy so your fingers don't go thru and it doen't leave little pieces of paper on your private parts. I've even got my daughter buying nothing but QNUP also. She came to my house one day and said Mom what kind of toilet paper do you buy I told her QNUP nothing else, she said....I'm buying that from now on, it doesn't leave stuff on me when I wipe! I said.. Yep I know thats why i love it.", {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We were the type of family that used whatever toilet paper was most budget-friendly, and didn't care too much about the brand. That is until I bought Quilted Northern's Ultra Plush, and my husband took notice. From then on, it was not about the budget, he practically demanded we have this toilet paper stocked in our house at all times. I could tell the difference too, and we made the switch immediately. I used to think since toilet paper was disposable, it should be as cheap as possible, but now I firmly believe that, as silly as it sounds, having the best toilet paper (because that's what Quilted Northern is!) is a small luxury we can afford to include everyday. We are Quilted Northerners for life! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(150, 166, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Quilted Northern Tissue. Would go back to any other Tissue', {'entities': [(10, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern ultra plush is the only toilet paper our family will use!! We've had trouble potty training my 3 year old daughter, and guess what Once we switched to this toilet paper, and started trying to train her using this, she actually wants to go!! She's 3 and even she knows how amazing this product is. It's the softest, most durable toilet paper I've ever purchased. I absolutely love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, and if you want a more enjoyable wiping experience, I recommend you go out and buy the biggest pack the store has!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love my Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for several reasons! Number 1 being that as woman, I have to wipe 'front' and 'back' at times! I wish more men would also follow this practice (my husband uses the old 'shake it out' method, NOT COOL!) But for me, with Ultra Plush, that means no more wet hand soak through leakage in the 'front' and no more finger poke through 'uh oh' moments in the 'back'! Now THAT'S something to appreciate when it comes to toilet tissue! It's truly a forgettable experience, and THAT'S another PLUS for my Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was tired of buying the high price product and not getting the value out of it that we should have so I decided to try something different. Having 5 female's in the house causes a lot of toilet paper to be used. I had a friend tell me about Quilted Northern and decided to try it. I bought this a few months ago and am very satisfied with the quality and price. My teenage granddaughter tried it as soon as I brought it home and said Nana, this is so soft that it makes you want to go in and go poop. That's it we were hooked!! :) This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(243, 259, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only use Qulted Northern Ultra Plush because not only do you need to use a few sheets but it is so soft and bio degradable! This is only Toliet Tissue that does not plug up your toilet! Once I bought a different brand and my daughter used it once and told me that Quilted Northern Ultra Plush was like using cotton balls, and that she would not use the bathroom again that day until I go back to the store and buy some!!! Needless to say I went back to the store to buy it. We haven't used anything since!", {'entities': [(266, 282, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In my car I keep a tote filled with a roll of Quilted Northern, batteries, a flashlight, a multipurpose tool and a few other things. Thank goodness for that because one day last month I decided to get an afternoon coffee which normally isn't a big deal but that day instead of going straight home from work I had to pick up my daughter from school which is about 45 minutes away. Well...without going into detail, it is good thing I have my Just in Case roll because it saved me from a messy, embarrassing situation! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(46, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We are a growing family of four and have used a variety of toilet paper brands, but could never find that perfect fit. We always felt like the toilet paper flew off the roll, being replaced every few days and leaving one feel like you are using sand paper. This is not true with Quilted Northern! The roll lasts longer and you feel wonderfully clean once done. Our toddler doesn't complain when being cleaned, which is very important. Now we can tell the difference between Quilted Northern and those other brands! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(279, 295, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have bought Quilted Northern Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for MANY YEARS now and it is the ONLY Bathroom Tissue our family uses. It doesn't rip easy or leave little paper particles floating around like other bathroom tissues tend to do. It doesn't seem to clog the toilet like some of the others before have done. I have 4 girls and Northern is the only tissue that doesn't irritate them, it is soft and it stays together very well. To put it simply, Northern is strong but cushy and soft on the tushy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Growing up, I never had much brand loyalty, or gave it much thought even when I first moved out on my own. My focus was price and convenience especially when it come to toilet tissue. In the last ten years or so, I am converted to Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. Softness and strength are qualities that can and should go together in my toilet paper. It is the nice little touches of quality around my home that really do count and add up to a better quality of life. Thanks Quilted Northern This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(231, 247, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We all know those brands that are so thin and uncomfortable. Well, that's not Quilted Northern. This stuff is like wiping your behind with clouds. It's so luxurious it feels like you're on vacation away from the world, especially those pesky relatives, in Bora Bora at one of those resorts with the huts in the ocean and you paid extra to have someone wipe your behind for you...OK wait. No, that's just not even right, but you get the point. This is some good butt wiping stuff right there. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern because I use less and a pack last me longer.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern-Ultra Plush is the best toilet paper I have tried. It's soft and does not irritate.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I LOVE Quilted Northern!! The best toilet tissue ever..it doesnt tear apart like some other brands do..Very durable and soft to the touch! There is no other like it!!', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the only toilet paper I use because it is soft and durable. It also doesn't flake like some other brands do. You know those little annoying particles you find when tearing it off the roll. Quilted Northern is quality toilet paper!", {'entities': [(197, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern ha got me and my wife spoiled. Both of us enjoy cruising, but the TP they supply on the ships is not the best. So on our packing list for the cruise is Quilted Northern Ultra Plush.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is my favorite toilet paper. It's soft yet strong.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Ultra Plush is the best for the job! Been using since Quilted Northern came out with it. Never go back.', {'entities': [(54, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will go out of my way to other stores than my regular one just to buy Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It is soft, durable (better be with 3 layers!), and beats any competitors. It doesnt irritate sensitive skin, doesn't leave anything behind (ha, see what I did there). I have a family of 7 and we all agree that this by far the best.", {'entities': [(72, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always liked Quilted Northern. It is clean, strong, reliable and all without bragging. I have always looked for QN no matter what store I am shopping in. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(20, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern ultra plush may seem like just another roll of toilet paper but it is in fact an unsuspecting, tough guy with a meek and gentle appearance. It offers the softness of a cloud with each use while cleaning up like a seasoned professional. These are our go to rolls as they consistently deliver time and time again! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for couple of years now, I would never go back to my old toilet paper This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is my favorite toilet paper. It's soft yet strong.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and our household won't use anything but this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the best. I never use anything else but the Ultra Plush. It is ultra soft and never leaves a residue. I would never use anything else and I have my son and most of my sisters using it too. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great toilet paper for a great price! I have been using Quilted Northern for years, and I don't plan to change to another brand anytime soon. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(56, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Listen up, all toilet papers are not created equal! Quilted Northern is the best toilet paper on the store shelves..Quilted Northern has more sheets per roll, thicker sheets in general, super soft, and the best bang for your buck. I've used nothing but Quilted Northern my entire adult life and will never switch. I'm totally satisfied with a toilet paper that is both soft on my bum and light on my wallet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the ultra softness Quilted Northern Tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(26, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used a lot of different Toilet papers but know are as strong or as soft as Quilted Northern. People how come to my home have wanted to know which Toilet paper I use, so I let them in on it. I've used a few different well known brands, but I always go back. Now that's all I will buy, its worth it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(82, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
('For years I have searched for the right product. There were those that were soft but not sturdy. Some were scratchy and thin. Others just fell apart. Finally, I found Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and only needed four sheets to get the job done. It was soft and yet strong. My quest is over! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(167, 183, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Our family has been using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for too many years to remember. We buy it in Giant Rolls of 30 and have a special toilet paper holder that Northern sent to us to make it even more convenient. MY FAMILY WOULD GO ON STRIKE IF I BROUGHT ANY OTHER TOILET PAPER HOME! That's the truth! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("For along time now I've used another brand of toilet paper because I thought it was the best but now after trying the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush I've changed my mind. I believe that the 3 soft layers has added strength and comfort to my other wise boring routine and now I have truly found the best! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(118, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After visiting my in-laws, I was glad to return home to the soft plushness of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. It offers a level of personal comfort I like to think of as being cushy for my tushy. I love my in-laws, but not their brand and of bath Tissue. I'm spoiled by Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(78, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started using Quilted Northern and now I don't like to use anything else. It's the best toilet paper ever!", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the winner! I actually bought 5 competing brands to see which is actually the best toilet paper and Quilted Northern Ultra Plush won by a landslide! I rate this product 5 STARS because it was the standout product in all categories, such as: Quality, Value, Absorbency, Softness Strength. I am your newest loyal customer - Thank you for making such a great product! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Quilted Northern - Ultra Plush - in all three bathrooms. Is it the cheapest tissue No, but some things are just worth paying for! I have realized that I have become a tissue hoarder because I have begun buying it by the CASE from an office supply store! I do not intend to run out of Quilted Northern!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always been a stickler for using soft and cushy tissue and I have found Quilted northern ultra push to surpass my high standards. Ever since I started using this brand, I have had no desire to look anywhere else, since it totally meets my need. For ever Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(261, 277, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is our personal fave. My husband is a 3ply man. He is a hard worker, and doesn't ask for much. So when he asks specifically for Quilted Northern 3ply, he gets what he wants! My strong man deserves the best and strongest toilet paper around!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(133, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Quilted Northern. This is the best deal anywhere. This is 3 ply and it last a long time. You use far less with northetn.For those who havent tried this brand you should. It beats them all. Once you try you cant go back to other brands.', {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is great, very soft and gets the job done, no irritation lasts longer than others. I'm Impressed with the Quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I admit that I have always been a sale shopper when it comes to toilet tissue and typically have 2 or 3 brands at my home at any give time. However, my 5 year old granddaughter changed my ways. On a recent visit to my home she required assistance with the toilet tissue. When I started to roll it off the roll she told me That's not the right one. We had quite the discussion during which she told me she wanted the one with the squares. I looked and pulled out a roll of quilted northern ultra plush and she said Yes, Memama, that's the soft one.. I put the two side by side and discovered that it is indeed softer. This Memama is a convert. My sweet granddaughter will always have Quilted Northern when she comes to my home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(683, 699, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been buying Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for just over a year, and I consistently love it! It's gentle yet strong, half the amount does the job as compared to the local wholesale retailers brand. It lasts twice as long, is infinitely more enjoyable, and doesn't leave little crumbs on your tush like other brands I've purchased! It's an outstanding value- I'm a nursing student and don't have much to spend!- and SO worth every penny of the cost. Everyone buys toilet paper- however not everyone is buying the right toilet paper. Scratchy, red tush is never enjoyable, and I promise you can kiss the days of uncomfortable tush goodbye the day you start spoiling yourself and your family with Quilted Northern Ultra Plush! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(17, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used to use a popular brand out there but then tried Quilted Northern and will never go back. The best out there!', {'entities': [(55, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the only bathroom paper we will have in this house.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will not buy any other TP!! I seriously go to another store if they don't have Quilted Northern!! I'll even buy it without a receipt!! Such a comfortable feeling when it's needed most!!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(81, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always used Quilted Northern, I like the 3 ply, and I am very clean when done. Unlike others that are 1 or 2 ply I use less with Quilted Northern and very happy with it for a long time. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been purchasing Quilted Northern for a long time now and it's the best. I would never switch to another bath tissue. This doesn't fall apart or shred like some other bath tissues. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the 3-ply comfort of Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. For such a luxurious tissue it is comparably priced and an amazing deal. I wouldn't even consider another brand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family switched to Quilted Northern from a competitor probably a little over a year ago and have been using Ultra Plush. You have to use the best to get the best results! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this a couple of weeks ago. I was amazed at how soft it was and well it cleaned. I am confident that after using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush my toosh is spotless!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(122, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern plush because it givespecially you tell softness you really want and holds up. Perfect for a family since it is such a great value This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Would not use any other product other than Quilted Northern it is soft as a dream. We supply two homes with multi bathrooms with the product at all times. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband wants the softest toilet tissue and I want the low price for the product. We have found that Quilted Northern Ultra Plush provides an answer to both our desires in a toilet tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(104, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best out there . Not just for it's softness and strength but also for it's great value. You use far less than you would other brands which saves money .I will never use anything other than this Quilted Northern Ulrta Plush ! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(206, 222, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is the only toilet paper I will buy. It is durable and also soft. I know I am getting my money's worth when I purchase Quilted Northern. It is perfect for my strong hubby down to my delicate children. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is my favorite toilet paper ever! It is so soft and durable. I couldn't ask for anything more from a toilet paper but somehow Quilted Northern is the only toilet paper company that has scored in my book! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Quilted Northern forever. When my husband bought another brand, I was so irked. There aren't many things I'm brand specific on, but my toilet paper HAS TO BE Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family LOVES Quilted Northern Ultra Plush because its soft, durable, and oh so smooth on the delicate areas. Nothing but the BEST for our family! From the bottom of my families bum, we appreciate you! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the best value in toilet tissue, and there is no lint residue as with other brands. Quilted Northern is also soft enough to use as tissues whenever I run out of facial tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family and I used to buy another kind of toilet paper for years. One day, We decided to buy Quilted Northern Ultra plush. Since that day we have continued to use this toilet paper. My family fell in love with this product because compared with other kind of toilet papers ,, this one is the softest and most gentle toilet paper ever. It does not break easily and it is the most durable toilet paper. The price is also a positive and It is one of the least expensive brands to buy . You get the best quality for the best price . We highly recommend Quilted Northern Ultra plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(95, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I was little, I got picked on at school. I would walk home about a quarter mile, and by the time I got home, I was a sobbing mess. My mother would help me take of my back pack, sit me down on the couch, then go into the bathroom. She would come back out with a brand new Quilted Northern toilet paper roll, hand it to me, and simply say, tell me about it. Sometimes I would sit there, unable to speak only able to unroll the first few soft, beautifully-designed squares. They were the first bit of comfort I was able to accept, until my emotions calmed down, and I was ready for my mother's words. On a near-weekly basis, my mother would have words of comfort, reassurance, and love for me. My experience with toilet paper, specifically Quilted Northern, goes way back to those elementary days that were both the worst, and ultimately most memorable of my childhood. All the bullying could have torn me apart, ruining me for life. Thank heavens for a mother like mine, and a simple roll of toilet paper. Quilted Northern dried my tears, unstuffed my nose, and is still my go-to tissue to this day when I wipe my own daughter's tears. Who knew that something we take for granted every day, like toilet paper, could remind me of such a tender memory. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(276, 292, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet paper a few weeks ago and it was honestly the best toilet paper I think I have ever purchased! The toilet paper held strong against moments that other brands would have caused what I will politely call a breakthrough leaving me feeling utterly disgusted when these moments happen, however I experienced no breakthrough moments. Not only was Quilted Northern Ultra Plush strong it was soft as can be. I highly recommend getting Quilted Northern Ultra Plush so you to can avoid those dreaded breakthroughs. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had the privilege to be a consumer of this product. It is really my favorite. Some things should be kept a secret but I think people need to know that Quilted Northern is a pleasure to use.', {'entities': [(158, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for over 12 years and I will never use another brand. I used to use a charmin before this and never will I go back. The quality for the price is superb! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have use the Quilted Northern product before and I, was very happy as well as a good savings for me and my family. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(15, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Quilted Northern the ultra plus is so soft it makes going to bathroom enjoyable! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Tissue is priced very reasonably for the quality of the tissue. Soft and strong. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family is used to my purchasing the larger package of toilet tissue like the Home Double Thick 36 roll size. I thought that it was relatively soft and at a value pricing and a double roll!. One day a family member experienced a diarrhea condition and was getting a little tender and raw, asked me to get softer roll. So I went and purchased your 9-pack Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. I'm in love! The triple roll size, the softness! The gentle but sturdy nature of the tissue far exceeded my past tissue venture of my double thick 36 roll pack! It doesn't fall apart when work is hard either! It does its job Those 9 rolls do measure up in use, more than 18-24 pack, even for those heavy wrappers! Thank you for allowing the end to be able to make the head think again! I am now a believer in your tender mercies where it counts the most! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(356, 372, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Quilted Northern Ultra Plush for years! I do know that I have used Northern Toilet paper for a very long time! Northern is the only toilet paper that I have used that doesn't shed or breakdown into little pieces when I wipe. I started out with just using the regular Northern toilet paper. When the ultra plus came out I changed to it because I just felt that there was more great softness. In addition to that strength that I so love!", {'entities': [(12, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When you've experienced all the others,just try 3-ply and you'll know why Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the best !", {'entities': [(74, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern has a soft, plush feel to the touch. With a family of 5 in our home we not only appreciate value but softness. My kids are recently potty trained and would often complain about other products being too harsh on the tush. Quilted Northern has been our go-to for many years and we will continue to use this product due to quality, value and comfort ! Stay soft, strong and HAPPY! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Listen up, all toilet papers are not created equal! Quilted Northern is the best toilet paper on the store shelves..Quilted Northern has more sheets per roll, thicker sheets in general, super soft, and the best bang for your buck. I've used nothing but Quilted Northern my entire adult life and will never switch. I'm totally satisfied with a toilet paper that is both soft on my bum and light on my wallet. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have 7 kittens about 6 weeks old. One day, we came home from the store and found missing toilet paper. They loved it so much, they shredded the toilet paper and made a little nest to sleep in. Now we have to hide the toilet paper. BTW, we love it too! After trying Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, I'd never go back to any other toilet paper. Everything else is just not up to par. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(268, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush Toilet paper is our familys favorite brand! It exceeds all expecations. It Never leaves pieces behind like I have experienced with other brands. I love the feel of the Toilet paper, it is so soft as well as durable. A roll lasts so much longer than other leading brands, so I know I am getting my monies worth. When I use it, I feel clean, dry, and confident! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern mega roll toilet paper is great! It's supers oft lasts a long time which is fantastic on my fixed income! I don't have to buy as regular as other toilet paper.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this product last week for the first time. My sons always complain about the softness of toilette paper, they did not complain. I heard, Mom, always buy this it is so soft. So for that reason I will always buy Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. Thank you for an Awesome product that my family loves! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(219, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My whole family uses Quilted Northern. My mother father in law to my wife my daughter. It doesn't matter if it's on sale or not. It's the only TP that makes you feel clean and doesn't rub you raw trying to get clean. The softness is wonderful. It's nice when you use a TP that doesn't tear as your wiping...whew This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(21, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use this for my home and everyone in the family prefers Quilted Northern Plush before any other brand. I also started ordering this for my office. Does Not clog the toilet and the employees and guest both seem to like it. It doesn't fall apart like some others do. Strong and soft This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(58, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My grandchildren visit quite often and frequently would stop up my toilet by using too much toilet paper. Since I have switched to Quilted Northern, the kids use less when they go and I not longer have to worry about my toilet overflowing. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(131, 147, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been a happy user of Northern Ultra Strong for many years and one day, it was not available at the store and I tried the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and have become their loyal customer. I would have rated Ultra Strong 5 stars and this one 6. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(128, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not happy unless I have Quilted Northern Ultra in my bathroom. It's the only toilet paper I use. It never fails to provide the ultimate in comfort and quality. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(28, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush toilet tissue feels so soft and is so efficient at cleaning while staying soft, it is though each sheet were quilted by hand. How else could this product possibly be this good This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is my preferred toilet paper because of its softness, durability and comfortableness. I use no other toilet paper as a result. Quilted Northern has the edge on comfort. Try it today. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush has exceeded my expectations and convinced me to change my brand. The quality is great, combining strength with softness into one great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We've bought only Quilted Northern toilet paper for several years because it doesn't leave any bits behind. I recently bought the Ultra Plush type and loved it! It's truly soft and gentle. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Discovering that there was a delicate bottom in our household that required special attention meant searching for the right product that could meet our needs. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush definitely exceeds our need for quilty softness. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(159, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have bought different brands and textures and even prices so finally my family and I agree that Quilted Northern ultra Plush is the best. It's strong but soft. The rolls are big but priced just right. Thank you Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(99, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I found Quilted Northern toilet paper about 8 months ago and will never use any other brand going forward. It is absorbent and soft and strong at the same time. I don't even consider any other brand since I found Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(8, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this two weeks ago and I am in love with Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. I have an autoimmune disease and with enough pains and aches in a day, I know my toilet paper isn't one of them. Thanks Quilted Northern!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(50, 66, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used Quilted Northern for years. We tried other brands, trying to save money. The others were just that cheap rough. Some you could sand your deck with. Keep coming back to Northern. Won't leave again. Thanks Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is a staple in my household. my family has become so depended on its durability and softness that no other brand can compare. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can absolutely count on Quilted Northern to keep my family clean without the harsh feeling of some brands. We buy Quilted Northern by the case and wouldn't have it any other way. The Ezell Family This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love northern toilet paper. It is strong and tough yet soft and gentle to my tushey. My family all agrees that Quilted Northern toilet paper is the best toilet paper on the market. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(113, 129, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Quilted Northern UItra Plush about a year ago when I started couponing. This is the softest and sturdiest Toilet paper I have ever used and so thick that you dont need 25 squares. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(9, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Over the years I have tried a lot of different toilet papers. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is my favorite. It's softence combined with the quilted technology leaves nothing behind. Great product! A+++ This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(62, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband doesn't understand why I need my Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. Us girls tend to use a lot more TP than men, and Quilted Northern's soft plushness makes for a better experience! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(44, 60, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i am older and have tried every brand there is..........for many years now it is Quilted Northern Ultra Plush...it is the only one for me and my family...no other brands are even considered.... This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(81, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Quilted Northern for the past 3 years and will not buy anything else. It is the best quality toilet paper out there and durability of any that I have tried and I tried them all. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After trying several tissue brands, Quilted Northern Ultra Plush seems to suit our family the best. In fact, it seems to be the one brand that we purchase repeatedly to meet our basic necessity. Thank you Quilted Northern! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(36, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My boyfriend and I switched from a different brand to Quilted Northern the past year or so. We love the thickness and comfort of this style. I would definitely recommend this to anyone looking for a new toilet paper brand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(54, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If the store doesn't have Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, I will literally go to another store to find it. My family will always complain if we use another product. Thus, it's worth my time and energy to stay with this product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(26, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband told me he needed new TP! HE hated the Scotts I had bought... SO He went out and bought the ultra plush by Quilted Northern! My marriage is saved!! SO much better!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(118, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family uses Quilted Northern Ultra Plus for our entire family, including our grand-babies it's that soft and durable. As a healthcare provider I recommend it highly, especially if your kids have allergies and asthma. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(15, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush since it's inseption. As a hemorrhoid sufferer I love the soft gentle feeling I experience each time I use it. Thank you for a superior product. Doug This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is the choice brand in our home. High quality and good performance for tissue . My family can tell the difference and Northern is always demanded for toilet paper preference. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern Ultra Plush because it helps if you have sensitive skin and is the farthest from cardboard that I've encountered. Softest tissue out there and yet still strong for the job. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Favorite Bathroom Toilet Paper is Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, love the softness and durability. Like the ultra plush because of the extra softness, feel nice when using and to the touch. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(34, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love the thickness quality of Quilted Northern toliet paper. The softness towards our bums is perfect, that's why our family only chooses Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(33, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love Quilted Northern because it doesn't leave as much dust as other toilet paper brands do. My bathroom is cleaner because of this and I love it! Plus, it's just a great product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(7, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern has always been my go to TP. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush goes above and beyond my expectations. It is so soft and thick! I will be using this forever! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always Quilted Northern when they come out with UltraPlus I switched to it and have used it since which has been about 35 years This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Using Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, Gives my backside quite a rush! It's cleansing, soft and oh so cushy, What a treat for my little tushy! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern is my favorite brand but I first tried this one a couple weeks ago and found that this is very soft and strong.This is now my favorite Quilted Northen brand. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the best toilet paper period. The 3 layers provide a soft, comfy, durable clean. A little goes a long way. Quality toilet paper at a good price. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern makes the best paper to use not only in strength but the amount per role. It last twice as long as any other brand the we have every used. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern 3 ply is soft and strong at the same time. When you can locate it online, it is usually at a reasonable price. The rooms are huge, compared to other brabds. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely love Quilted Northern.It is the softest paper I have ever used, but also strong when it needs to be. I am a loyal fan of your wonderful product. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband is very picky about this toilet tissue. The Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is a requirement. Soft and durable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(55, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the only brand we use! My husband and I recommend Quilted Northern to all our relatives and friends! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(58, 74, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My whole family loves Quilted Northern Ultra Plush! It it so soft and gentle on our skin. We love that it does not leave any residue and leaves us feeling so clean! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(22, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have tried every brand of toilet paper, and by far the BEST is Quilted Northern. My girlfriend and I never get anything else, super soft and extremely durable! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(65, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Quilted Northern, and when I want to splurge, for myself or guests, I buy the Ultra Plush Quilted Northern for softness and strength I can always depend on. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I always buy Quilted Northern ultra plus. It's last the longest, is soft and gentle, and the best part it doesn't leave pecies. The only one the whole family loves. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(13, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern tissue is the only bathroom tissue I buy. It is so soft and strong and very dependable. There is no reason to purchase anything else!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Been buying this product for over 20+ years. Only one I will purchase, if store is sold out, I will drive to another just to get my Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(132, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush - the texture - the extra layers - all of that and more make this my first and only choice in bathroom tissue! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Great toilet paper for a great price! I have been using Quilted Northern for years, and I don't plan to change to another brand anytime soon. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(56, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Quilted Northern Ultra Plus for years and years. It is super soft, super absorbent and no other bathroom tissue comes close. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the only toilet tissue my family uses. I love the thickness of it each roll lasts for about 3 weeks. Love this stuff!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is our households favorite. It has good water absorbency. Its soft and pliable and breaks up good. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this about a week ago.... it was a little more price wise ,,, but WOW th Difference.. Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the only on to FLUSH lol This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(95, 111, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm always comparing toilet paper brands and there is not any brand that can compare to the comfort, texture , and plushness of Quilted Northern. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(128, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Buying one pack of Quilted Northern saves me money because it out last all other brands. No matter how hard the kids try to wasted it , this product last. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(19, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I only buy Quilted Northern!!! Nothing else compares to the softness and quality of this bathroom tissue!! And it septic system safe too!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Having used another brand which fell apart I bought Quilted Northern. Its soft, its durable and doesn't fall apart. THIS is the way it should be! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(52, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have always used Quilted Northern, but I bought the Ultra Plush about 3 months ago. I am sold! I won't buy anything else. Great Value for Sure! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(19, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Quilted Northern all the time. It is the only brand I buy for my family. It is strong and soft and a brand I can trust This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush helped me to close the lid on my past rough toilet papers that left me feeling rough. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quilted Northern is super song and super strong! When you're having a rough day...this tissue Does a Bottom Good! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As long as I can remember to stockpile my Quilted Northern bath tissue, I am happy to forget using it. It's truly my peace of mind. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(42, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Once we tried Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, we were impressed. Really Northern is the only you will see in our home! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We always buy Quilted Northern because it is much softer, last longer and is the best of the toilet papers for the money. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(14, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the ultimate Plush This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This feels so soft! My kids normally ask for wipes, but they love using Quilted Northern! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(72, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My family and I are really satisfied with Quilted Northern. It is economical and septic safe. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(42, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern makes you forget all other bath tissue because it makes your bottom say aah. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('From the first time I ever used Quilted Northern UnltraPlush, it made forget my old toilet tissue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(32, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a loyal Quilted Northern buyer. It is the softest most durable toilet paper there is available. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(13, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Quilted Northern all the time...Very Soft and thick enough that it doesn't tear This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(6, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Quilted Northern Ultra Plush when the job needs a soft touch its the only one for the job This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(0, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love Quilted Northern Ultra Plush and our household won't use anything but this. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After I purchased Quilted Northern products I have not bought another brand! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am totally happy with Quilted Northern products/ This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(24, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This toilet paper is very strong and soft. Quilted Northern is my favorite toilet paper. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(43, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought Quilted Northern last week and absolutely LOVE IT!! It's so soft! This is my favorite brand and I highly recommend it!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(9, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Quilted Northern forever. When my husband bought another brand, I was so irked. There aren't many things I'm brand specific on, but my toilet paper HAS TO BE Quilted Northern Ultra Plush. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(18, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My family loves Quilted Northern! It's top quality and always affordable. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(16, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Quilted Northern Ultra Plush - the texture - the extra layers - all of that and more make this my first and only choice in bathroom tissue! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(11, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have 7 kittens about 6 weeks old. One day, we came home from the store and found missing toilet paper. They loved it so much, they shredded the toilet paper and made a little nest to sleep in. Now we have to hide the toilet paper. BTW, we love it too! After trying Quilted Northern Ultra Plush, I'd never go back to any other toilet paper. Everything else is just not up to par. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(268, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband told me he needed new TP! HE hated the Scotts I had bought... SO He went out and bought the ultra plush by Quilted Northern! My marriage is saved!! SO much better!!! This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(118, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When you've experienced all the others,just try 3-ply and you'll know why Quilted Northern Ultra Plush is the best !", {'entities': [(74, 90, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Keri. I have been using it for 30 years. It keeps your skin young looking.', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love Keri lotion. I have used it for years. With the addition of Shea Butter and Vitamin E, Keri has become a hit with both my family and friends. I recommend Keri to everyone I know!', {'entities': [(7, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been purchasing the Keri SHEA lotion for several years at various Walmart stores. The store closest to me in Benbrook, Texas always had it on their shelves until recently. So, I ordered it on line from Walmart. I ordered (6) and received (5) of the Keri Shea and (1) Keri original. I would like to know if Keri is discontinuing the Keri Shea product, or is Walmart discontinuing the Keri Shea product. Help!!', {'entities': [(27, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My mother and aunts have used Keri products since the 1980's. We all have very, very dry skin. We also have used the bath oil. I currently use the bath oil as an after shower moisturizer when I am pressed for time and can't lotion my body. But, the Shea butter gives a longer lasting moisture to my skin and hands,.", {'entities': [(30, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This lotion is so nice and it smooth on the skin. My dry skin loves Keri with shea butter!', {'entities': [(68, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('If you have seriously dry skin you must try the Keri Shea Butter!', {'entities': [(48, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I took my girlfriend to the Trump Hotel in Wash. DC for her 74th birthday. In the bathroom they had a magnifying mirror that swiveled and extended. She just loved it for her ability to put on makeup. When we got home I searched the web and came up with this Jerdon mirror. It appeared to be exactly like the one she used at the hotel except it was chrome finish instead of gold-looking. I ordered it and it was easy to install. It is of the same quality. The light around the sides is perfect.', {'entities': [(258, 264, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This mirror is amazing. I had a Jerdon lighted make-up mirror but it wasn't bright enough. It has the warm lighting and I really needed brighter white light to be able to see adequately. This mirror is very bright white lighting. It's modern looking and the magnification is perfect. So much better and I'm very pleased. The only gripe I have is the screws that attach to the base have to be removed to wall mount it and the company had screwed the screws on sooooo tight, we almost stripped the screws trying to take them off. I honestly have no idea why they would attach them so tightly since they do have to be removed to wall mount it but we almost gave up and returned it. Finally my son (27 years old) was able to get the screws out (there's 3) without stripping them but it did take him quite awhile of working on it. But the mirror is well worth the money and now I can see!", {'entities': [(32, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have had a Foodsaver for a long time, and I use the containers exclusively. I have invested a small fortune in the original containers. I was really excited when I saw these new ones, and bought this set immediately. I love the fact that they are square, stackable, freezer and dishwasher safe. Those are the good attributes. The bad ones are that they take a ridiculously long time to seal. I don't know if it's my foodsaver or not, but the large container takes about 4 minutes to seal......no joke. And then the biggest let down is that they are not reliable in holding a seal, which is the main reason that I use them. There are so many amazing reviews about them. Am I they only one this happens to That seems so odd............", {'entities': [(13, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't know how to use them with the Foodsaver. Seems like something is missing.", {'entities': [(38, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this set. The ten quart lid has a slight warp so I have to hold the lid and the bottom together using both hands. Should have been born with three hands so I could use the handheld sealer on my 5860. I called Foodsaver and they sent me a new one. Same problem.Luckily I have a FM 1510 and can use that to seal while I hold the lid and bottom together on both ends to start a vacuum. I am curious if others have the same problem. The three, five and eight quart containers work perfectly. I have six of each. The ten is the bummer. I would not buy another one. Better to invest in the smaller sizes. The eight is my favorite.', {'entities': [(218, 227, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a Foodsaver for the last dozen years or more. However, I'm having the same trouble as many others with the unreliable seal on these containers. To their credit, this site has replaced one set of the new containers for me but not all I purchased. The new ones seem to work a bit better but the seals are still unreliable. I am not a novice. I keep the seals and valve clean, I have never put them in the dishwasher and in fact, always wash the lids by hand and never immerse them. I have been forced to check the seals regularly and reseal often - not what I bargained for. I have had some luck by rotating the lids to find, perhaps, if there is one rotation that seals better and then placing a small mark with permanent marker to help me use the placement that might seem to hold the seal longer. I swear some of these lids in the early manufacturing runs are warped. Sometimes I can rotate the lids to find a placement that doesn't pop up but those warped lids are hopeless and I just boxed them up and put them out in the shed until I figure a fix. (I used to help the marinator seal with a bit of vegetable oil on the seal and that seemed to help keep them sealed a bit longer but who knows. When I press them on, I can feel them pop back up - no wonder they don't seal reliably. Some are not warped. Occasionally, they will surprise me and hold the seal for a longer period but I still can count on them and must constantly go to the pantry to check to make sure my saltines or pastas are still sealed so that they don't go rancid on me too quickly but I am running out of counter space for those containers that seem to require daily re-sealing or in some cases, every six hours or so. I have tried to determine if these new containers work better in the fridge or out and they remain non-reliable for the most part no matter the environmental conditions. I have reverted to the old round canisters for storage of most dry foods as they seem to hold their seals longer. For the convenience in storing rectangular containers, I was really rooting for these to work reliably but alas... Back to the drawing board folks!", {'entities': [(14, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got this as a sample to review how I liked it. But it didn't come with any tray saver, so I had to order that first which I thought was inappropriate if I was sent it to give a review on. Therefore, I really couldn't give it a fair review at this point. But I did try to seal some bread in it and it failed to vacuum seal. Maybe I did something wrong I don't know. I thought Foodsaver brand was supposed to be easy This wasn't easy for me at all. But I wish it was, because I really wanted to enjoy using it so I could buy the whole set !! Now I'm not so sure what I want to do I'll keep trying...But I hope I don't keep failing !! Thanks for the container, Food Saver !! Let's hope I can get it to work. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(377, 386, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this set. The ten quart lid has a slight warp so I have to hold the lid and the bottom together using both hands. Should have been born with three hands so I could use the handheld sealer on my 5860. I called Foodsaver and they sent me a new one. Same problem.Luckily I have a FM 1510 and can use that to seal while I hold the lid and bottom together on both ends to start a vacuum. I am curious if others have the same problem. The three, five and eight quart containers work perfectly. I have six of each. The ten is the bummer. I would not buy another one. Better to invest in the smaller sizes. The eight is my favorite.', {'entities': [(218, 227, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had a number of these containers over the past year. When they work, they are outstanding containers with no deformation that have ruined previous Foodsaver containers. The primary issue I have with these containers is that some of the lid valves have slow leaks. It is very frustrating to buy vacuum seal containers that have lids that leak. I would estimate that 30 of the lids leak. I may have solved this issue, though only time will tell. If I put a few drops of olive oil on the valves after removing the plastic valve cover, the leakage appears to have stopped, at least for now. It will be very difficult to recommend this product because when they do not leak they are terrific but leakage is so prevalent with this product.', {'entities': [(154, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Foodsaver is great! I like the containers a lot. They are practical. I bought few in the past. PROBLEM: They crack and leak. These new type are adrvertised as crack resistant. Unfortunately, they are not crack resitant at all.', {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great except that lid is often difficult to remove even after releasing the vacuum ((Foodsaver Fresh containers). I have been unable to seal the Deli containers even with the adapter. I was told that it would work with the adapter it came with but has not.', {'entities': [(85, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the 4 piece Foodsaver Fresh Containers. The only complaint I have is that occasionally the containers will become unsealed and i have to reseal them.', {'entities': [(19, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Foodsaver sealer but sometimes I want access the sealed items and seal them back up without wasting bags. These containers are the perfect solution. They are very easy to use and very obviously show if the container is sealed right on the lid. The sealing function is quite obvious, plug and seal, and takes just a few seconds. I appreciate the multiple sizes of the containers as they are large enough to fit almost every need. In my fridge they did take up a decent amount of room so I'm not sure I'd use them often for long term fridge storage. I do use them frequently for pantry storage (crackers/cookies) and freezer storage (cookies/scones). The clear containers allow you to easily see what is inside. As much as I appreciate the storage aspect I do have to say that the microwave usage surprised me. They performed great in the microwave, the food warmed and the container did not! I was shocked. Clean up was a breeze too, even spaghetti sauce left for days did not stain these containers. You can pop them into the dishwasher and they clean right up. The only negative I can think of is that the vacuum valve cover is a little difficult to remove, I wish they had added a little grab tab or something to assist in removing. But since you only remove this to clean the top lid, I suppose its a minor inconvenience. Disclaimer: I received this product free as an advance sample in exchange for a detailed and honest review. This fact that has no bearing on my rating or review of the product - this product has earned the rating I have given it. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(11, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Foodsaver vacuum storage containers are definitely a money saving value. They are easy to use with the Foodsaver vacuum unit, and as I was asked to try these with different foods in different situations including microwaving and dishwashing they thoroughly kept my food fresh and cooked without staining or breaking. I'm looking forward to trying many different foods with the storage containers, since they seal easily and have kept food fresh remarkably over the last few weeks. I tried putting salad mix in the large 10-cup container and remarkably it stayed much fresher than the unsealed bag I got from the store. I tried it in the freezer and in the refrigerator with both leftovers and deli products in it. Great products, great value. I received this as a sample to try but would definitely purchase it without question. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Received these for Christmas. Used for Christmas leftovers and almost every day since. No problems with sealing or opening. Big fan of Foodsaver products. Cleaning takes a little longer than normal food storage containers but it is time we'll spent. Watch for sales for greater value.", {'entities': [(135, 144, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I added this to my growing number of Foodsaver containers a couple of weeks ago and it exceeded my high expectations. The new containers seem sturdier than my previous ones. With only two of us, berries especially get soft and are thrown out. With the first use and filling it to the max with strawberries, not one was discarded. With daily use and resealing after each use, the berries stayed firm. Green beans did just as well. My 5 cup container does just as well with blueberries or anything else I have tried. I will be purchasing more for my weekly Farmer's Market purchases.They will pay for themselves in a short time.", {'entities': [(37, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have bought a few of these dishes, My husband and I both just love them. They seal up great...Keeps foods fresh, I make meals up ahead of time and freeze them...I also make up some single portions and freeze. So easy to use. I would highly recommend Foodsaver dishes and their Foodsaver Vacuum sealer / bags. We have saved tons of money after buying our first Food Saver Vacuum sealer.', {'entities': [(252, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Do NOT purchase Oxy's new product if you have bad acne or are sensitive to lotions/oils that clog your pores easily! The ingredients listed on the Amazon listing do NOT reflect what is on my bottle I purchased at the store, which includes butyrospermum parkii (shea butter) fruit. Why in the world would any product treating acne of any kind put shea butter in it! I suffered with acne my whole life and when I turned 40 I developed horrible cystic acne. Proactiv no longer worked for me so I switched to Oxy. I've since changed my diet drastically and the cystic acne is gone. But I continued using Oxy which made my skin almost a 100 clear. Not too long ago they changed the formula for the Spot Treatment and it had some sort of fragrance in it, which I hated because my skin is extremenly sensitive and breaks out easily with fragrance products. Despite that change, I continued using Oxy. Now with the change of the Face Wash I will discontinue using their products. My face was breaking out all over and I couldn't figure out why. BECAUSE YOU SHOULDN'T BE PUTTING SHEA BUTTER ON A FACE WITH ACNE!!!!", {'entities': [(16, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Oxy face wash for most of the last 25 years. It has changed ownership, and the formula has been modified a few times, but my skin always responded well to it. This latest formulation irritates my skin and makes it break out! I don't get full-blown pustules, thankfully, but it has caused little bumps all over my face as if all my pores are clogged. I have stopped using it over the last couple of days, and those bumps are already flattening and drying out.", {'entities': [(18, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Oxy face wash for most of the last 25 years. It has changed ownership, and the formula has been modified a few times, but my skin always responded well to it. This latest formulation irritates my skin and makes it break out! I don't get full-blown pustules, thankfully, but it has caused little bumps all over my face as if all my pores are clogged. I have stopped using it over the last couple of days, and those bumps are already flattening and drying out.", {'entities': [(18, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this cleanser! I used to have pretty skin growing up but despite that I would bounce from product to product because I wanted flawless. I am not saying this product makes my skin flawless but it has tremendously helped with the breakouts I have had over the past few months. I am 23 and have combination skin and I was starting to break out like crazy due to stress and just my skin! I was so upset and felt ugly. I felt like I was constantly putting pounds of makeup on my face. I started using this cleanser and the Oxy Daily Defense Cleansing pads. The past week has been dramatic. I was just going to give the product the typical two weeks and then try to move on. But since I have been using this, my breakouts have decreased. The cleanser doesn't have an overpowering smell. It can be used as a mask and it is actually pretty good with my Olay facial brush. I really recommend this product because it can be used so many ways and it does a fantastic job! CAUTION: It does bleach what you dry your face with! Make sure to use a towel you don't care about.UPDATE: I made a mistake! I tried to change up my routine and use something else. I used Philosophy purity gel cleanser which seemed to be fine for a couple of days and then the breakouts started again! I am now back on Oxy. My 15 year old brother has massive acne breakouts on his T-Zone, massive whiteheads and cystic acne. After watching him struggle, I recommended he use this with the daily cleansing pads. He has been using it almost 2 weeks and his acne has MASSIVELY improved! My mom has been going through breakouts with her new medication and now is going to try it as well. Oxy is a MUST have", {'entities': [(525, 528, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have started on my second tube of the Bengay Cold Therapy. I have hip bursitis on both hips and this product does wonders for my pain. It helps me feel better and helps me get a better nights sleep. I use it after exercise or before bedtime. Great product and feels so nice and cool/cold. I use it during Winter, too.', {'entities': [(40, 46, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My sons loves having a bowl of cereal as a part of their morning breakfast routine. Cinnamon Toast Crunch is one of those cereals.', {'entities': [(84, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We love Cinnamon Toast Crunch! It's a household favorite, from mom to toddler. It's sweet, but not too sweet and makes a great choice for our busy mornings.", {'entities': [(8, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Hard to beat Cinnamon Toast Crunch', {'entities': [(13, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have loved cinnamon since I was... anyway, way back there! You can't beat starting your day with a bowl full of Cinnamon Toast Crunch! It has all of the required vitamins and then they are wrapped into little crunchy cinnamon squares that don't get soggy real fast in milk. Buy a box and if you love cinnamon, you will be hooked for life!", {'entities': [(114, 135, 'PRODUCT')]})
('General Mills Cinnamon Toast Crunch is AWESOME!!! I love this cereal, and my grandkids love it too.', {'entities': [(14, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Cinnamon Toast Crunch! What more is there to say', {'entities': [(0, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been eating Cinnamon Toast Crunch for years. It's my favorite cereal! My little granddaughters favorite, too. Perfect forvthevyoung old.", {'entities': [(17, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My first order was lost in the mail and Healthy Skoop mailed me another for free!! The powder blends great and tastes amazing! No icky aftertaste!! Would be great blended and has a slight cinnamon taste. Very satisfied!!', {'entities': [(40, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband is diabetic and loves having Planters peanuts around for snacking!', {'entities': [(40, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Planters Dry Roasted are always good for anytime. Easy and healthy snack.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I prefer planters over your brand. To justify Planters cost I only purchase when I have qpons and price match.', {'entities': [(46, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband is diabetic and loves having Planters peanuts around for snacking!', {'entities': [(40, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
('They were great. Standard high quality peanuts by Planters.', {'entities': [(50, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Planters is a good quality nut. They don't taste rancid as some generic brands can do.", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Planters has been around a long time. The peanuts were fresh and crunchy. They were a good value for the amount I purchased.', {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Tried to quit smoking and got addicted to Planters jars of sunflower seeds. 3-4 jars a week. When the stores are out of stock, these are my next go to item. Well, now I'm addicted to them instead. Great source of protein!", {'entities': [(42, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have enjoyed Wild Planet products for several years. We are health conscious and trust this company and its products. No added salt to this tuna like that!', {'entities': [(16, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After eating this White Albacore Tuna I will never buy cheap turn again. I started wasting tuna because it just didn't taste good anymore and I could not figure out why tuna has gone bad on my palette. Then I told my mom about it and she made me this who was informed by a chef to try Wild Planet. After taking 1 bite you will taste the difference in quality. I know it is not as cheap as regular tuna so I save it for my special tuna days. It has a wonderful almost nutty taste to it I guess, but it is not watery greasy or give you an ill feeling. It is thick chunky white tuna meat that you have to break up with a fork and if you mix it with mayo and chopped green onions and a dash of pepper it is absolutely delicious and you will never buy the cheap tuna again. Also delicious served inside of a tomato. Better stock up on it when you see it. This is good stuff. After this review I am making some. Lol", {'entities': [(285, 296, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Little more expensive than some other brands of canned tuna, but I trust Wild Planet as I researched before buying. If you like Tuna, you can not beat this one. I give it a 5 star rating. Please continue to carry it', {'entities': [(73, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this mop yesterday as I needed something that could quickly clean my floors. Rubbermaid usually has quality products but I didn't even get 2 min into cleaning my floors when the handle snapped clean off. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this.", {'entities': [(86, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop several years ago. I loved it so much that I decided to by a second for our vacation home. The new one arrived and worked great for the first few uses. Then, like everyone has mentioned, the trigger stopped working. My old mop continues to work like a charm. Rubbermaid, please fix the trigger...', {'entities': [(277, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I first saw this mop I was so excited unfortunately the trigger stopped working within the first few weeks and it also started leaking. Not very happy with this product. I did contact Rubbermaid, hopefully they will get back to me with some answers.', {'entities': [(189, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this and can't get it to spray. I was very disappointed, because I have a lot of Rubbermaid and I thought this would be great for cleaning my floor :-(", {'entities': [(90, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had this product about 5 months the last 8 weeks or so the spray does not work, Rubbermaid used to be good quality', {'entities': [(87, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop 6 weeks ago. The handle quit spraying. Wish I have would have gone with a swifter instead. Definitely needs updates. Rubbermaid is a good brand. Just failed on this product.', {'entities': [(135, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought it a month ago used a few times and it no longer sprays ! I loved it at first now unable to use I hope Rubbermaid will correct the problem,so I can be a happy consumer of their products!', {'entities': [(112, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this Rubbermaid Reveal mop a few months ago. I loved it....now it will not spray. It works great for a few months then will stop spraying the cleaner solution. Don't waste your money buying this.", {'entities': [(14, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sprayer stopped working maybe after using 4 times.. It is soooooo frustrating when I read review after review with the same issue . You would think Rubbermaid would do something about it. Poor quality control from where I sit', {'entities': [(148, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was happy with my Rubbermaid mop until the long handle broke from its attachment just from simple mopping motion. And it was only 6 months old and very seldom used. To think I hated my Swiffer mop, but it's still standing in the corner gloating.", {'entities': [(20, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When I first saw this mop I was so excited unfortunately the trigger stopped working within the first few weeks and it also started leaking. Not very happy with this product. I did contact Rubbermaid, hopefully they will get back to me with some answers.', {'entities': [(189, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Bought this about 2 months ago...loved it at first. Then the little seal on the bottle top stretched and it leaks everywhere!! You can buy the replacement bottle but why should I have to This product is a real disappointment! Rubbermaid use to be the best, but not now!', {'entities': [(228, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had another brand of T-mop when I saw this one with the spray bottle attached. Bought it, used it and absolutely loved it....for about two and a half months, and then the handle snapped right off where the bottle inserts into the handle. Very disappointed in the lack of Rubbermaid Quality.', {'entities': [(271, 281, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this product 3 times over the course of 18 months thinking the problem was resolved with the clogging trigger. Rubbermaid did send me a 25 certificate but that doesn't even cover the cost of a replacement so its pretty much worthless. When it works it's great but sadly it doesn't usually work", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This Rubbermaid Reveal mop is the biggest piece of junk I have ever purchased. Such a waste of money. I had only used it a few times when it started falling apart. Now it's broken in another place...no way to used it...can't hold it together in 2 places and mop at the same time. Looked like such a good product in ad...garbage!", {'entities': [(5, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the first reveal mop and it lasted one year before the handle broke. I bought a new and improved reveal mop and the sprayer does not work. I am frustrated this is already useless and I do not have the receipt to return. The potential of this idea is good but the product produced and sold by Rubbermaid is poor.', {'entities': [(301, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In theory, this would be a great product. I bought it because of the Rubbermaid name and attempted to use it. After 30 minutes, it still would not spray. I am normally a huge fan of Rubbermaid products and own countless items. This is one product that is definitely NOT worthy of the Rubbermaid name. Returned it for the O'cedar model.", {'entities': [(69, 79, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so excited for this product I thought it was going to solve all my problems with my hard woods however after using it twice the trigger broke and will not squirt any solution out! I had thought it would last at least a year but sadly died very early! So sad it was made so horrible makes me question other Rubbermaid products.', {'entities': [(312, 322, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Wish I had checker here before buying... I, too have a mop that has a nonfunctioning trigger after just a few months. Thought I had found a solution for cleaning my floors from my wheelchair. No such luck. AFter seeing here this is a consistent problem with your product I am extremely disappointed in Rubbermaid. You've lost a customer - I will not be back!", {'entities': [(302, 312, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just recently purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal for my office. My employees and myself like to have the office clean. I was very disappointed in the product. The mop handle broke and there is not a way of fixing it. I understand now why Rubbermaid sells the mop handle separately, but I will not be replacing it and I do not recommend this product to anyone.', {'entities': [(30, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Gone through a couple of these. The hinge between the handle and the head breaks easily. But the main issue is with the spray mechanism. You pump.....wait for a good 20 seconds for it to reset and then you can pump again. This isn't a one off, defected product either. If you read around a few site reviews, even the Rubbermaid one, you quickly see that this is a very common problem.", {'entities': [(317, 327, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased two of these when they were first introduced because I thought they were a great idea--environmentally green and economical. I had high hopes regarding quality because they are Rubbermaid. However, within 6 months, the first one broke. The second is now showing the same symptoms the first did. It is clearly on its last leg. I will sadly have to return to other options.', {'entities': [(189, 199, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What a piece of garbage! I bought this mop the other day and just used it for the first time. It worked great until I turned it mop head side up to take the pad off to wash....it dumped cleaning solution all over me and the floor. The bottle is on as tight as possible as is the lid to the bottle. Guess I will return it and try a different brand. Horrible quality, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(366, 376, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A complete waste of money. The O-rings don't seal properly. The weight of the water in the bottle is apparently supposed to provide enough pressure to ensure a tight seal. It isn't. The mop leaks and the spray function is irregular as it depends on a functioning seal. I had already disposed of the receipt so I can't request a refund on a nonfunctional design. I trusted Rubbermaid to my misfortune. I am very disappointed.", {'entities': [(372, 382, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As much as I love this mop I really hate the fact that the trigger quits so quickly. Looks lke I am one of many unhappy customers. For what this mop cost you would think that Rubbermaid could fix this issue. On to the next mop.....', {'entities': [(175, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop several years ago. I loved it so much that I decided to by a second for our vacation home. The new one arrived and worked great for the first few uses. Then, like everyone has mentioned, the trigger stopped working. My old mop continues to work like a charm. Rubbermaid, please fix the trigger...', {'entities': [(277, 287, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have owned by Reveal Mop for about 3 months. Unfortunately, about 2 weeks ago I started having the same problem with my handle as other on here. When squeezing the handle, I do not receive a full spray, plus it sticks, so it takes forever to be able to spray again. I loved this mop up until now, but now I feel like I wasted my money. I love Rubbermaid, and I am disappointed in the quality of this product.', {'entities': [(345, 355, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had my Rubbermaid Reveal less than 6 months, and I've already had to replace the spray bottle on it 3 times! I am not, and would not ever recommend this product to anyone. It's made very cheaply, and apparently there is something wrong with the design or engineering of the way the spray bottle operates. I'm going to look around for another product along the same lines, hopefully it will be made better.", {'entities': [(12, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the second Reveal we have had in the past year. Both have broke off at the head. The first one I thought was misuse because my teenage son was using it when it broke, but now I know that was not the case because this one broke at the same place while I was using it. We loved the idea of washing and reusing the pad and the fact that we could mix our own cleaning solutions. I'm now falling back on our old Swiffer that has been abused and still working, Sorry Rubbermaid, good try, but try again.", {'entities': [(469, 479, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the idea of this mop, as I had a swiffer, but hated that you had to buy their cleaning solution. I bought his mop and by the fifth use the sprayer stopped working! The sprayer would spray once and then just go slack. After about five minutes it would return and you can spray it again. It's faster to just remove the bottle and drip solution in the floor! Major design flaw with this thing and I feel like I threw money in the trash! Rubbermaid FAIL!", {'entities': [(441, 451, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Such a great concept - I was looking forward to saving money - luckily I didn't throw my other product away. If the problems were fixed, I would try again, but the reviews on line would have to improve greatly! Wish I had read them before purchasing. I would recommend other Rubbermaid products - but not this one. I got one good use out of it and then the sprayer quit working. I have no desire to carry around a spray bottle while cleaning my floors.", {'entities': [(275, 285, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very happy when I first received my Rubbermaid Reveal. The concept is simple, the design is workable, it refills and re-uses at low cost. Unfortunately the second time I went to pull the squeeze handle at the top it broke! The handle went slack and now there is no way to squirt the cleaning solution rendering the entire thing useless! This is disappointing as I do not have the time or energy or money to go out and buy a new one. Too good to be true I guess. But really once that handle goes its game over. Very poorly made is what it seems like/not built to last.', {'entities': [(42, 52, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The refillable bottle collapsed on me (sucker in). So, I went out and bought a replacement bottle and guess what, it did it as well. I have all the extra attachments and hate to buy a new mop but I have to. I have wood floors and 2 dogs. Like I have money to throw around..Rubbermaid I am dissapointed in your product and makes me question your line.', {'entities': [(273, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first saw this mop i love the idea of the refillable bottle and the washable pads. I has previously owned a Swiffer but didn't like having to buy the pads and bottles. The first few times I used this mop it worked great. However, after about 5 uses, the sprayer stopped working properly. Rather than get a new mop, I just use a spray bottle, however I would much rather not have to do that! I would not recommend this mop. If Rubbermaid figures out a way to solve the problem with the sprayer breaking I would love to have one that works!", {'entities': [(433, 443, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Used this mop weekly for a month. Liked it ease of use and functionality. A month after purchasing, the spray mechanism failed, and would no longer spray. A dripping leak formed from the spray mechanism when depressing the trigger. The trigger pressure was sloppy, as if something broke down line. Verified leak did not come from bottle or seal. Checked and verified there was no blockage at the spray valve. Break and leak is internal. Have an inquiry in with customer service about the failure and likely defect of the unit. I expected better from a unit from Rubbermaid in this price range.', {'entities': [(562, 572, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Apparently, I am not alone in my disappointment in this mop. I loved the ease of use, the fact that I could select my own cleaning product to use, and I trusted the Rubbermaid name. But in the end, after only a few successful uses the trigger spray mechanism failed. (And all the King's horses and all the King's men...) I tried to make it work again to no avail. I had forgotten all about it until i moved recently, and picked it up again in the new basement, just in case. But no, still broken. An expensive two weeks, and have not bought anything from Rubbermaid since then.", {'entities': [(165, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am very frustrated with this product. I bought it some time ago but didn't get around to using it until now. First the a sprayer wouldn't work at all. I looked all over the packaging for some directions. There were none. Went on line and tried removing the little plastic nub as suggested. Now it sprays and leaks all over the place. I put the nub back on but it won't stop leaking all over. I'm extremely disappointed. I trusted Rubbermaid. I had even bought an extra pad. Now I'm going to have to go through a ton of receipts to hopefully find out where I bought it so I can return it.", {'entities': [(432, 442, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Haven't had this for a year yet, and, like many other reviewers, the pole part snapped right off its joint with the sprayer compartment. I considered purchasing another until I realized that I'm not the only Rubbermaid customer with this problem and that similar products by other companies seem to be getting more than just a few months of usage life. I'm moving on, which is too bad, because the sprayer/microfiber mop mechanism actually makes me enjoy mopping...but there are too many other competing products with longer lifespans for me to waste my time and money repurchasing this product until this design flaw is fixed.", {'entities': [(208, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given the Rubbermaid Reveal as a gift from my mother when we moved in to a new home with tile and laminate floors. I too was pleasently surprised at how well it worked. However just like the other users, I used it a couple of times fine and now the sprayer will not spray anymore. So now I have yet another product that was supposed to be the miracle floor cleaner and it doesn't deliver. If you have a spray bottle you can put the cleaner in it and still use the mop but then what makes this any different from all the others now I am very disappointed in this product.", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Obviously, Rubbermaid does not read their own reviews here (wish I had). I'm on my second and last one of these because the sprayer breaks, you end up squeezing the thing 10 times to get a dribble of water. So, I took mine apart and found the problem, there is a small black rubber one way valve that's supposed to work like a heart valve to only allow the cleacning fluid to flow one way. This valve is so close to the spring in the pump that the spring ends up shredding the business end of the valve. It's a shame that such a well built and designed mop is crippled by one little poorly designed piece of rubber.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I thought this was a great idea. No bucket and no expensive solution. However, I've had the Rubbermaid Reveal mop for a few months and was mopping this evening and I heard a crack and then the handle snapped completely off at the solution bottle. The mop is now completely unusable as there is no way to fix the broken handle since the trigger part of it broke as wellI have also noticed that since using this mop it doesn't clean the floor very well. I have white floors and have noticed that it doesn't scrub them and in some places, I have stuck on dirt. This mop could use a scrubber pad as well as a better made handle really bad costumer service too!", {'entities': [(92, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal thinking it would be great for my wood laminate floors. The product does a nice job of cleaning my floor but it leaks like crazy. Each time I move it back and forth it leaves drops and/or puddles on the floor. I returned the first one to the store in hopes that I had a lemon. However, when I got home, I found the 2nd one leaked worse than the first. Each trip to town for me is 20 miles so I'm not real wild about returning it again. Wish I had kept the first one. Now all I have is a very expensive microfiber towel that I can use on my hands and knees because it is absolutely pointless to use it with the mop. Very, very disappointed!!!", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this product three times, and loved it. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped off where it meets the swivel part of the mop. I am by no means a powerful woman, and my floors aren't so dirty that they require excessive scrubbing, so I assure you I didn't apply undue pressure to the unit. I am very disappointed, because I've always found Rubbermaid products to be reliable and a good value. I paid way too much for this product for it to fail on its fourth use.", {'entities': [(353, 363, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I expect more from a Rubbermaid product. First, in order for the spray to land on the floor, the handle (and trigger) must be about a 90deg. angle to the floor. That makes squeezing the trigger quite inconvenient. Second, as cleaner leaves the bottle, the bottle caves in, making it difficult to spray. Third, assuming you can spray cleaner onto the floor, the cloth mop head does not absorb it. It pushes the liquid spreads it well but after mopping a room, the cloth is still dry. Finally, all problems were solved after 4 moppings the trigger is now broken. I must hold the handle upright, squirt, push the handle farther forward (about 45 deg), listen for something in the handle to click, then the trigger is ready again. Worthless!', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("On my second mop, and it's already started leaking AND the spray trigger is getting stuck. The first mop had one of the plastic pieces on the head snap off. Rubbermaid, so many reviewers are having the same issues, is there nothing you can do to fix the design of this mop Otherwise, I like having a refillable mop with a large mopping pad like this mop, but durability issues are keeping me from recommending this to others.", {'entities': [(157, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I BOUGHT THS ABOUT A MONTH AGO.LOVED IT. THEN THE SPRAYER TRIGGER QUIT WORKING.NO RECIPT SO CAN'T RETURN.I Always loved Rubbermaid but never buy another Of their products!!", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the mop about 6 months ago. I haven't used it much, but when I used it today, the mop head broke off! Not the quality I would have expected from Rubbermaid!!", {'entities': [(157, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this for my new wood floor. I usually have good luck with Rubbermaid products. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped and it cannot be fixed. I expected it to last much longer than that. I was not happy.', {'entities': [(67, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got this mop about a month ago and the sprayer stopped working. I expected a lot better quality from Rubbermaid I'm extremely disappointed. Would return to the store but I lost the receipt.", {'entities': [(103, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have never been so disappointed in a Rubbermaid product. Within in a couple of months after purchase, the spray mechanism stopped working properly. I am now spraying my floor with a hand-held bottle, and then mopping. The same thing happened to my son's mop. DON'T BUY THIS ONE!", {'entities': [(39, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this mop yesterday as I needed something that could quickly clean my floors. Rubbermaid usually has quality products but I didn't even get 2 min into cleaning my floors when the handle snapped clean off. I wish I had read the reviews before I purchased this.", {'entities': [(86, 96, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love, love, love this mop because the pad is washable and you can use your own cleaning liquid. However I hate it because the hinge at the top for spraying keeps breaking. This is the second mop I've bought thinking the first was probably a defect but it happened again with the second mop. Very disappointed. Other than that its a great product! Rubbermaid I would like a refund or fix this problem and replace it please, thank you!", {'entities': [(349, 359, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Rubbermaid Reveal Mop is a great concept, however the durability of it is just awful. (Can I give this a zero mark for durability) I have owned two (2) Reveal Mops and each one has broken in exactly the same area (I've also noticed this with other reviews here.) The first Reveal Mop worked great (some trigger issues that I overcame) for about six (6) months then one day while mopping the head broke off where it attaches to the pole. Since I mop my floor several times a week I quickly ran out and purchased another. Today, almost six months later the exact same thing occurred - mop head broke off. I am not rough on this mop, nor do I use it excessively. I just believe the area where head attaches to the pole is made cheaply (plastic!) After a certain number of uses, the area breaks. Considering the cost of this mop and the accessories that go with it, this is not a cheap mop. I do believe that for the price I paid for this mop it should certainly last MUCH longer than 6 months. I will add, my housekeeper (who uses her own Reveal Mop) has gone through three (two broke at the mop head and the last the sprayer stopped spraying) and on her fourth one. So it certainly is not me. It is the product itself. One would think that with all the complaints (I currently see over 600 reviews) that if this is such a prevalent design flaw Rubbermaid would take immediate action to rectify this problem and come up with a more durable solution (ie...metal, or something other than plastic.) Until then I will not purchase another Reveal mop, nor will I recommend it to others.", {'entities': [(4, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The concept of this mop is perfect! Just what I need. But the bottle leaks all over the place when in the mop and the trigger will no longer spray. I'm so disappointed! I've had it for about 3 months. If I have to buy a new Reveal every 3 months, it will not be any more cost effective than buying Swiffer pads and solution. I hope Rubbermaid will make this right.", {'entities': [(332, 342, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I told my wife NOT to buy this product. I said This stuff always breaks! But she bought this fancy dancy mop anyway. And, surprisingly, it worked! It worked GREAT! For about two months. But like all the other reviewers here, the spray handle stopped working after just a few weeks of use. Typical corporate junk, designed to fail. Rubbermaid ought to be ashamed!', {'entities': [(331, 341, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the convenience of this mop ( the newer version) the first one I had the trigger quick working, called Rubbermaid and got a new one. That one, after 2 months, the trigger quit working also. Called Rubbermaid and got a new one. This one have only had a month and a half, and yet a again the trigger quit. I'm fed up", {'entities': [(110, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this as a gift from my in-laws. I requested it. I mopped my kitchen and a bathroom a couple days ago. Was about to mop a second bathroom. The trigger sprayed once and went totally slack. Great idea. Too bad it doesn't work. I expect more from Rubbermaid.", {'entities': [(254, 264, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have to second the comment about the spray. I did not read the review before I bought this either, as Rubbermaid is such a big brand and I never doubted that I would have a problem with it. I bought this so I could use the natural cleanser I like even thought I already bought Swiffer wetjet which I never have any problem with. I found there was a mistaken in either the design or the manufacturing of the handle of this Rubbermaid mop, normally I have to wait for minutes before the handle get to the original position for the next spray. So I could not use this mop at all. Rubbermaid really needs to look into this!', {'entities': [(104, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the idea of using my own cleaner as opposed to buying other name brand expensive refills and washing the cloth reuseable pads. The first one I purchased began okay and I liked it. After several uses, the bottle became stuck and sprayed out everywhere when it did spray. It broke when I attempted to get it out of the holder even after rinsing between uses. I purchased a second one and the same thing happened. I will not purchase another and go back to my old string mop and my steamer with reuseable pads. Sorry, Rubbermaid has always been a good name, but this product does not do you justice.', {'entities': [(523, 533, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Oddly enough I wrote Rubbermaid on line today to mention how my mop unexpectedly snapped at where the metal handle meets the plastic base. I seldom used the fluid bottle, hence why my sprayer handle never broke! I then browsed and found this forum where over 80 reviews that I read quickly all had little positive to say about this product regarding construction or reliability. In concept, it is perfect for ceramic floors, but another one goes to the landfill, as there is no repairing it based on a poor design. What a frustration, based on retail price, and a Canadian 13 sales tax on top.', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this a month ago, saw negative reviews, but decided to give it a chance since it stated it was New Improved. Well, needless to say, I should have stuck to prior reviews of this product. Within 2 months the handle was broken, I am the only one using it, there are no children using it and I don't understand why Rubbermaid can't get this one right. If there are so many poor reviews, just discontinue this thing. I want a refund, it was purchased from Home Depot on Airline Highway in Baton Rouge, La.", {'entities': [(323, 333, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Initially, I was so excited about this product, I mean a mop that you can put your own solution in and just rewash the pads. That is a wonderful idea. Then I purchased the mop and pretty much cleaning went down hill. I have had to replace the solution bottle 4 times in the short 5 months that I have owned the mop. The bottles seal breaks and then the solution leaks all over your floor while storing it. If you have wood floors like me, solution soaking into your wood floors is not a great thing. Randomly, the spout where the solution comes out when the handle is squeezed gets clogged and the handle is very hard to pull and little to no solution is expelled from the mop. I had very high hopes for this mop, have bought Rubbermaid products for quite sometime but am seriously questioning the quality of their products. I hope their customer service is better then their product.', {'entities': [(726, 736, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have purchased three of these mops over the last year. Each one has broken on me. I really love the idea behind it - using my own cleaner - reusing the cleaning heads. However the mop keeps breaking with minimal use, right at the base. The trigger also sticks at times. The last one broke while in the closet - not even using it. Just picked it up, and it literally fell apart. Well 100 later (three mops), I am mop-less and very disappointed in this product. I expected so much more from a Rubbermaid product. I wish I had kept my receipt this time around, you'd think I would have learned the first two times. So unfortunately I can only give this mop one star, if I could give it a zero due to my issues with it - I would. Buyer beware - it is expensive in comparison to other options, and it will break on you. I don't think I will be buying Rubbermaid products going forward because of this experience.", {'entities': [(493, 503, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my second Rubbermaid spray mop and the second one to stop working correctly. This mop is only a few months old and the bottle leaks. So everytime I mop the cleaning solution leaks out so fast that I am using up a whole bottle quickly. There are no replacement parts to purchase, so what does a consumer have to do', {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been through 4 of these mops. The first 2 broke (the stick part literally broke into pieces while mopping, after using them for less than 6 months). The last 2 I've had stopped spraying properly. I pull the handle to spray and it just spits out a little bit of the cleaner. I took the first one back to the store, but the replacement one does the same thing. They stopped spraying properly after owning each one for about a day. Disappointing. I expect Rubbermaid to make products that last and work properly for more than a day.", {'entities': [(460, 470, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have now had to toss out our second one of these reveal mops in the last couple years. The 1 year warranty is less than convenient since both of our mops seem to bite the dust (no pun intended) shortly there after. I love the concept of this product, removeable and washable pads, refillable and changable bottles the little scrubber to get those tough spots off the floor...however I really wish Rubbermaid would consider upgrading the quality of construction. Would not recommend if you want something long term and we will not being buying a 3rd one. Now I have multiple bottles and pads that are rendered useless. Very disappointing.', {'entities': [(399, 409, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product only yesterday in anticipation of being able to use my own cleaning solution. I currently own a Swiffer, but I don't like its sickenening sweet smelling solutions. After removing the difficult packaging, trying not to tear it in case I had to return the item and I then attempted to use the mop. I made sure that the bottle was seated correctly and even depressed the tab to make sure that my cleaning solution would dispense. I depressed the sprayer mechanism repeatedly for about 30 seconds. Nothing happened! Got online to troubleshoot, read the company's recommendations for priming- it was everything I had already done, but I tried it once again! Again.... nothing happened! I am packaging this item as soon as I finish this review and it is being returned to the retailer posthaste. I will purchase the O'Cedar product to see if its quality and functionality is any better. Sorry, Rubbermaid, but I am not happy with this product!", {'entities': [(913, 923, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Twice today and twice two days ago, the cleaning solution bottle fell out of my new Rubbermaid Reveal Spray mop. I find this completely unacceptable in a mop and extremely frustrating considering how much money I invested into this mop and the spare bottle and pad. The purple mop I was hoping to replace with this one never had that kind of malfunction. So I hope that Rubbermaid corrects this design flaw soon. And while you're at it, Rubbermaid design team, please consider making a battery operated spray mechanism for folks with conditions, such as arthritis, who have difficulty with grip. Squeezing the sprayer handle is tough on some of us and makes the purple mop more desirable as well, I am sorry to say.", {'entities': [(84, 94, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Good concept -- poor design. Unlike most of the negative reviews, I did NOT have any problems with the sprayer or bottle. They worked fine. My problem was (like Oregon101) the mop head fell off after only the third time I used it. I kept re-attaching it but it would keep falling off during use -- very frustrating. After closer inspection I can see why -- poor design in how the mop head is attached to the handle. After a few uses and exerting heavy pressure during mopping the handle clip is pushed open and will not close enough to secure the mop head any more. Maybe if you are dainty and don't push down on it the attachment will last longer, but I'm 6'3 and 225 lbs, and I was just trying to clean my kitchen floor. I replaced with a similar mop from Clorox, which has a solid clip/pin where the mop head attaches, so I don't expect the same issue. I always think Rubbermaid high quality, so this was a big disappointment after only a few uses.", {'entities': [(871, 881, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I normally don't review products online, but had to with this one. I first bought a Reveal mop two years ago or so and, like so many other reviewers, had a problem with the trigger after working for about a month (I don't clean a lot, so that's probably two sessions -lol). I decided to give the mop another try and bought the new and improved version and - once again - after less than a month, the trigger won't work! I'm not sure what's happening here, but I can't get my money back from Target because I threw out the packaging. I'll maybe try the Libman that someone else referred to in their review. Won't keep me away from Rubbermaid, just this product (and anything else that has a trigger)!", {'entities': [(630, 640, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After I discarded the electric spray mop version of this from Swiffer I felt happy to get the refillable manual-pump version from Rubbermaid. Well, not so happy now. The manual pump failed on the first refill. Just like cheap spray bottles, it stopped spraying way too soon. I did not get my money's worth of if it. Maybe you will. I'm told that a friend has one that has worked and worked and worked. So, for the two of these mops in-use that I know of Rubbermaid is running 50/50 on quality. Not great odds. As far as the rest of the mop goes it's fine. The hook and loop cleaning pad fastener is good and strong. The handle, pole and universal joint at the head end is fine. The mop end works as you would expect it to. The sprayer did not.", {'entities': [(130, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very excited to purchase this revolutionary new mop. The concept was wonderful and it worked great for a short while. Then it began to fail in several areas. First the spray nozzle clogged. I could deal with that by cleaning it with warm water. However, then it began to leak, a lot! I left it standing upright against the wall after cleaning the floor and returned after only a short while to discover the entire bottle empty and that it had seeped under a square of the laminate flooring and nearby molding and warped them. I checked to make sure the bottle was in correctly and everything was secure and it was, I then noticed that it was leaking from the seam underneath the spray nozzle where the red and gray parts meet. Now the liquid just pours out of there. Also, the handle often detaches from the mop head. This product could also use a scrubbing area for stuck on dirt as if any pressure is used on the handle it seperates from the mop head. This is not the quality I have come to expect from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(1011, 1021, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my 2nd and last Rubbermaid Reveal Mop. I loved using my first one until it just broke apart in my hands. I figured it was a year old and had done me well up until that point, so I bought my 2nd one. Today was the second time I've used it and the darn trigger for the solution doesn't work right. I agree with another user who stated, I love my mop, but, after spraying you have to wait as much as 10-20 seconds before you can spray again, I've tried different methods nothing works. Still use it but get upset about this factor every time. I clean vacated apartments and while cleaning today got so frustrated, I ended up on my hands and knees to finish the floor! You've got to do something to make this product worth our time and money!", {'entities': [(24, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have purchased two of these mops within the past year. When they work, they work really well. The problem is that they are obviously made with inferior parts. The first one stopped spraying after about 2 months of use. The second began leaking within probably the same time frame or perhaps a little longer,. My husband looked inside the second one and found what appeared to be a small cap designed to hold back the water, which was made of something like saran wrap and had torn lose. Truthfully, I liked the mops so much while they lasted that I would buy yet another one if I had the remotest confidence that it might make it to the one-year mark, but I am not that gullible. I cannot believe Rubbermaid management would put the company name on such a poorly constructed product. I've always viewed Rubbermaid a very reliable company but no longer. I wonder how many of these reviews were written by someone who had used the mop for more than 6 months - few if any, I'll bet.", {'entities': [(699, 709, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought my first Rubbermaid mop a few years ago. The shop I bought it from gives a lifetime guarantee with receipt. I have probably exchanged for a new mop about six times, maybe more. It's always something, either the stick falls apart, the sprayer stops working, to liquid starts to leak from the spraying mechanism. It is a shame because the pads are good and when it works properly this is the best mop in terms of the width of the spray, ease of spraying and getting a thorough, streak-free cleaning. But it is a hassle to constantly return it. Sometimes the mop doesn't even work for more than a few cleanings before breaking. I tried the hardware store's generic brand and had the same kind of problem, so I think it is the nature of these mops, it seems impossible to manufacture one that doesn't break. I have had more luck with ones where you use your own spray bottle, but they are not nearly as convenient to use. I can only live in hope that one day someone will manufacture one of these that does not break!", {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product --- when it worked. However, as others have pointed out, the trigger that releases the spray stopped working soon after we purchased it. Now looking for another one ... but not from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(196, 206, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Apparently, I am not alone in my disappointment in this mop. I loved the ease of use, the fact that I could select my own cleaning product to use, and I trusted the Rubbermaid name. But in the end, after only a few successful uses the trigger spray mechanism failed. (And all the King's horses and all the King's men...) I tried to make it work again to no avail. I had forgotten all about it until i moved recently, and picked it up again in the new basement, just in case. But no, still broken. An expensive two weeks, and have not bought anything from Rubbermaid since then.", {'entities': [(165, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved the idea of using my own cleaner as opposed to buying other name brand expensive refills and washing the cloth reuseable pads. The first one I purchased began okay and I liked it. After several uses, the bottle became stuck and sprayed out everywhere when it did spray. It broke when I attempted to get it out of the holder even after rinsing between uses. I purchased a second one and the same thing happened. I will not purchase another and go back to my old string mop and my steamer with reuseable pads. Sorry, Rubbermaid has always been a good name, but this product does not do you justice.', {'entities': [(523, 533, 'PRODUCT')]})
("On my second mop, and it's already started leaking AND the spray trigger is getting stuck. The first mop had one of the plastic pieces on the head snap off. Rubbermaid, so many reviewers are having the same issues, is there nothing you can do to fix the design of this mop Otherwise, I like having a refillable mop with a large mopping pad like this mop, but durability issues are keeping me from recommending this to others.", {'entities': [(157, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used this product three times, and loved it. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped off where it meets the swivel part of the mop. I am by no means a powerful woman, and my floors aren't so dirty that they require excessive scrubbing, so I assure you I didn't apply undue pressure to the unit. I am very disappointed, because I've always found Rubbermaid products to be reliable and a good value. I paid way too much for this product for it to fail on its fourth use.", {'entities': [(353, 363, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my second Rubbermaid spray mop and the second one to stop working correctly. This mop is only a few months old and the bottle leaks. So everytime I mop the cleaning solution leaks out so fast that I am using up a whole bottle quickly. There are no replacement parts to purchase, so what does a consumer have to do', {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As much as I love this mop I really hate the fact that the trigger quits so quickly. Looks lke I am one of many unhappy customers. For what this mop cost you would think that Rubbermaid could fix this issue. On to the next mop.....', {'entities': [(175, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the idea of this mop, as I had a swiffer, but hated that you had to buy their cleaning solution. I bought his mop and by the fifth use the sprayer stopped working! The sprayer would spray once and then just go slack. After about five minutes it would return and you can spray it again. It's faster to just remove the bottle and drip solution in the floor! Major design flaw with this thing and I feel like I threw money in the trash! Rubbermaid FAIL!", {'entities': [(441, 451, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this as a gift from my in-laws. I requested it. I mopped my kitchen and a bathroom a couple days ago. Was about to mop a second bathroom. The trigger sprayed once and went totally slack. Great idea. Too bad it doesn't work. I expect more from Rubbermaid.", {'entities': [(254, 264, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had this product about 5 months the last 8 weeks or so the spray does not work, Rubbermaid used to be good quality', {'entities': [(87, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Such a great concept - I was looking forward to saving money - luckily I didn't throw my other product away. If the problems were fixed, I would try again, but the reviews on line would have to improve greatly! Wish I had read them before purchasing. I would recommend other Rubbermaid products - but not this one. I got one good use out of it and then the sprayer quit working. I have no desire to carry around a spray bottle while cleaning my floors.", {'entities': [(275, 285, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Sprayer stopped working maybe after using 4 times.. It is soooooo frustrating when I read review after review with the same issue . You would think Rubbermaid would do something about it. Poor quality control from where I sit', {'entities': [(148, 158, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop 6 weeks ago. The handle quit spraying. Wish I have would have gone with a swifter instead. Definitely needs updates. Rubbermaid is a good brand. Just failed on this product.', {'entities': [(135, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got this mop about a month ago and the sprayer stopped working. I expected a lot better quality from Rubbermaid I'm extremely disappointed. Would return to the store but I lost the receipt.", {'entities': [(103, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Obviously, Rubbermaid does not read their own reviews here (wish I had). I'm on my second and last one of these because the sprayer breaks, you end up squeezing the thing 10 times to get a dribble of water. So, I took mine apart and found the problem, there is a small black rubber one way valve that's supposed to work like a heart valve to only allow the cleacning fluid to flow one way. This valve is so close to the spring in the pump that the spring ends up shredding the business end of the valve. It's a shame that such a well built and designed mop is crippled by one little poorly designed piece of rubber.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Great product --- when it worked. However, as others have pointed out, the trigger that releases the spray stopped working soon after we purchased it. Now looking for another one ... but not from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(196, 206, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased the mop about 6 months ago. I haven't used it much, but when I used it today, the mop head broke off! Not the quality I would have expected from Rubbermaid!!", {'entities': [(157, 167, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have now had to toss out our second one of these reveal mops in the last couple years. The 1 year warranty is less than convenient since both of our mops seem to bite the dust (no pun intended) shortly there after. I love the concept of this product, removeable and washable pads, refillable and changable bottles the little scrubber to get those tough spots off the floor...however I really wish Rubbermaid would consider upgrading the quality of construction. Would not recommend if you want something long term and we will not being buying a 3rd one. Now I have multiple bottles and pads that are rendered useless. Very disappointing.', {'entities': [(399, 409, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I Bought this about 2 months ago...loved it at first. Then the little seal on the bottle top stretched and it leaks everywhere!! You can buy the replacement bottle but why should I have to This product is a real disappointment! Rubbermaid use to be the best, but not now!', {'entities': [(228, 238, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this product 3 times over the course of 18 months thinking the problem was resolved with the clogging trigger. Rubbermaid did send me a 25 certificate but that doesn't even cover the cost of a replacement so its pretty much worthless. When it works it's great but sadly it doesn't usually work", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought my first Rubbermaid mop a few years ago. The shop I bought it from gives a lifetime guarantee with receipt. I have probably exchanged for a new mop about six times, maybe more. It's always something, either the stick falls apart, the sprayer stops working, to liquid starts to leak from the spraying mechanism. It is a shame because the pads are good and when it works properly this is the best mop in terms of the width of the spray, ease of spraying and getting a thorough, streak-free cleaning. But it is a hassle to constantly return it. Sometimes the mop doesn't even work for more than a few cleanings before breaking. I tried the hardware store's generic brand and had the same kind of problem, so I think it is the nature of these mops, it seems impossible to manufacture one that doesn't break. I have had more luck with ones where you use your own spray bottle, but they are not nearly as convenient to use. I can only live in hope that one day someone will manufacture one of these that does not break!", {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I BOUGHT THS ABOUT A MONTH AGO.LOVED IT. THEN THE SPRAYER TRIGGER QUIT WORKING.NO RECIPT SO CAN'T RETURN.I Always loved Rubbermaid but never buy another Of their products!!", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been through 4 of these mops. The first 2 broke (the stick part literally broke into pieces while mopping, after using them for less than 6 months). The last 2 I've had stopped spraying properly. I pull the handle to spray and it just spits out a little bit of the cleaner. I took the first one back to the store, but the replacement one does the same thing. They stopped spraying properly after owning each one for about a day. Disappointing. I expect Rubbermaid to make products that last and work properly for more than a day.", {'entities': [(460, 470, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first saw this mop i love the idea of the refillable bottle and the washable pads. I has previously owned a Swiffer but didn't like having to buy the pads and bottles. The first few times I used this mop it worked great. However, after about 5 uses, the sprayer stopped working properly. Rather than get a new mop, I just use a spray bottle, however I would much rather not have to do that! I would not recommend this mop. If Rubbermaid figures out a way to solve the problem with the sprayer breaking I would love to have one that works!", {'entities': [(433, 443, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have never been so disappointed in a Rubbermaid product. Within in a couple of months after purchase, the spray mechanism stopped working properly. I am now spraying my floor with a hand-held bottle, and then mopping. The same thing happened to my son's mop. DON'T BUY THIS ONE!", {'entities': [(39, 49, 'PRODUCT')]})
('What a piece of garbage! I bought this mop the other day and just used it for the first time. It worked great until I turned it mop head side up to take the pad off to wash....it dumped cleaning solution all over me and the floor. The bottle is on as tight as possible as is the lid to the bottle. Guess I will return it and try a different brand. Horrible quality, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(366, 376, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the convenience of this mop ( the newer version) the first one I had the trigger quick working, called Rubbermaid and got a new one. That one, after 2 months, the trigger quit working also. Called Rubbermaid and got a new one. This one have only had a month and a half, and yet a again the trigger quit. I'm fed up", {'entities': [(110, 120, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was so excited for this product I thought it was going to solve all my problems with my hard woods however after using it twice the trigger broke and will not squirt any solution out! I had thought it would last at least a year but sadly died very early! So sad it was made so horrible makes me question other Rubbermaid products.', {'entities': [(312, 322, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Wish I had checker here before buying... I, too have a mop that has a nonfunctioning trigger after just a few months. Thought I had found a solution for cleaning my floors from my wheelchair. No such luck. AFter seeing here this is a consistent problem with your product I am extremely disappointed in Rubbermaid. You've lost a customer - I will not be back!", {'entities': [(302, 312, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Oddly enough I wrote Rubbermaid on line today to mention how my mop unexpectedly snapped at where the metal handle meets the plastic base. I seldom used the fluid bottle, hence why my sprayer handle never broke! I then browsed and found this forum where over 80 reviews that I read quickly all had little positive to say about this product regarding construction or reliability. In concept, it is perfect for ceramic floors, but another one goes to the landfill, as there is no repairing it based on a poor design. What a frustration, based on retail price, and a Canadian 13 sales tax on top.', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought it a month ago used a few times and it no longer sprays ! I loved it at first now unable to use I hope Rubbermaid will correct the problem,so I can be a happy consumer of their products!', {'entities': [(112, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I told my wife NOT to buy this product. I said This stuff always breaks! But she bought this fancy dancy mop anyway. And, surprisingly, it worked! It worked GREAT! For about two months. But like all the other reviewers here, the spray handle stopped working after just a few weeks of use. Typical corporate junk, designed to fail. Rubbermaid ought to be ashamed!', {'entities': [(331, 341, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I expect more from a Rubbermaid product. First, in order for the spray to land on the floor, the handle (and trigger) must be about a 90deg. angle to the floor. That makes squeezing the trigger quite inconvenient. Second, as cleaner leaves the bottle, the bottle caves in, making it difficult to spray. Third, assuming you can spray cleaner onto the floor, the cloth mop head does not absorb it. It pushes the liquid spreads it well but after mopping a room, the cloth is still dry. Finally, all problems were solved after 4 moppings the trigger is now broken. I must hold the handle upright, squirt, push the handle farther forward (about 45 deg), listen for something in the handle to click, then the trigger is ready again. Worthless!', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the first reveal mop and it lasted one year before the handle broke. I bought a new and improved reveal mop and the sprayer does not work. I am frustrated this is already useless and I do not have the receipt to return. The potential of this idea is good but the product produced and sold by Rubbermaid is poor.', {'entities': [(301, 311, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I bought this and can't get it to spray. I was very disappointed, because I have a lot of Rubbermaid and I thought this would be great for cleaning my floor :-(", {'entities': [(90, 100, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The concept of this mop is perfect! Just what I need. But the bottle leaks all over the place when in the mop and the trigger will no longer spray. I'm so disappointed! I've had it for about 3 months. If I have to buy a new Reveal every 3 months, it will not be any more cost effective than buying Swiffer pads and solution. I hope Rubbermaid will make this right.", {'entities': [(332, 342, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this for my new wood floor. I usually have good luck with Rubbermaid products. The fourth time I used it, the handle snapped and it cannot be fixed. I expected it to last much longer than that. I was not happy.', {'entities': [(67, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I loved my Rubbermaid Reveal but after 45 days it completely snapped in half while I was mopping. I'm not a strong girl at all so I know it wasn't my strength that did it.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved this product until it was about three months old and the trigger mechanism broke. I never had a problem with Rubbermaid products prior to this and did not save my receipt. Foolish me as I can no longer get a refund!', {'entities': [(117, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this a little while ago and had not used it for very long. Now the sprayer does not work and I do not know how to fix. While it worked, I liked it. Now it is hanging on the wall. I expected better from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(211, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Althought I love this Rubbermaid reveal mop, my mop head keeps comming off the the handle...its quite frequent that this happens and Im' constantly bending over having to replace it. That is the only problem I see with this mop, otherwise I love it.", {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this product 11/2012. I mop once a wk. I appreciated the washable pads even purchased an additonal box. However, the plastic head snapped off when I tried returning the item to Walmart they said I would need to contact Rubbermaid. Assistance would be appreciated.', {'entities': [(231, 241, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Rubbermaid had a great idea when they came up with this product but it needs a little tweaking. I am on my 2nd one right now in less than a month and both times I am having the same problem . The trigger keeps getting stuck and won't spray the cleaning solution. Hope this can be resolved easily cause it's a great money saving product idea.", {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why doesn't this come with instructions Why can't I make the spray come out Even if it does eventually, from these other reviews, I'm sad to see that the trigger will fail soon and/or the handle will break. Using a separate spray bottle meanwhile. I don't think it's great strategy to keep posing Sorry you're disappointed, call Rubbermaid customer service . . .", {'entities': [(329, 339, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop only about a month ago. I was so disappointed this morning when I went to use it and the head broke off the handle. For the amount of money I paid, I expected it to last longer. I would not recommend this to anyone if Rubbermaid does not either replace the one I bought or fix it so it does not keep happening. I will say, however, I loved that I could use my own detergent and that I could re-use and wash the pad. If it had lasted longer, it had the potential for 5 stars!', {'entities': [(236, 246, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Usually love Rubbermaid products. I had Swiffer wet jet mops but I hated buying solution and throw away pads all of the time. Also, I press so hard when mopping that the handle would break. This handle is much sturdier and love that I can use my own solution and wash the pads. The only bad part is that the pump quit working after about a month. There is a warranty, but who saves a receipt for a mop for a month My suggestion is if you buy this product, keep your receipt.', {'entities': [(13, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As mentioned by others the spray lever is the major problem. After using for 2 months the spray trigger(lever) would hang up, not reset, pause for a couple of minutes and it would reset. Now its completely non-functional. I have resorted to using a hand spray bottle. If Rubbermaid would finally fix this design problem it would be a great product. Also, minor issue: suggest instruction to lubricate o-ring on bottle to avoid damaging o-ring when re-inserting the bottle after filling. NOTE: at this time I would NOT recommend your product until problem resolved.', {'entities': [(271, 281, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited to purchase and use this product. It gives you the ability to use any cleaner you may want to use. Only problem being that for some reason the trigger in the handle seems to stop working which appears to be due to some air/vacuum issue with the bottle. I'm constantly having to stop and take the bottle off to relieve the air/vacuum that has been created. I purchased a second one for my mother and it seems she is also having the same issue. Too bad I waited specifically to purchase this mop thinking Rubbermaid would put out a superior product.", {'entities': [(520, 530, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a fantastic product, when it doesn't break. I just broke my second Reveal today while doing a regular clean job on my hardwood floors. The first unit lasted about 2-3 months then in the middle of cleaning my floors it snapped at the neck just above the bottle holder. Today, I was in the middle of the same type of activity and it snapped below the bottle holder, I've had this unit for maybe 3 months. This is so frustrating, the product is leaps and bounds better than any swiffer product but the durability should be embarrassing to Rubbermaid. I'm about ready to give up on the Reveal and give another company a try.", {'entities': [(544, 554, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very excited when I first bought this mop as a alternative to the Swiffer where you have to buy their cleaning solution and disposable pads. For the first month or so I was very happy with how easy the Reveal Spray Mop was to use and how clean it got my floors. Then, the spray trigger stopped working. If you try to wait on the trigger to reset or whatever it does, then it will take you forever to mop one small floor. Like others, I may have to resort to using floor cleaner in a spray bottle, but I sure wish Rubbermaid would just fix the problem or stop making the product. This was such a convenient product when it worked I may have to try Swiffer after all.', {'entities': [(519, 529, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It never ceases to amaze me . . . Rubbermaid has had a knack for introducing innovative and usually quality products. But this Reveal Spray mop is a disappointment. It looks to be well made, but I'll never use it long enough to confirm the overall durability. The spray bottle mechanism just refuses to work properly. Used only once, the spray bottle lost its ability to spray after after using 1/4 of the liquid. Don't tell me it's the rubber washer--as I said--it's brand new! I can't be bothered with something that should make life easier, but instead takes 45 minutes to correctly re-prime so it can be used. Now I'll be looking MUCH more carefully before I make a Rubbermaid purchase", {'entities': [(34, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a long-time Swifter user, I was thrilled with Rubbermaid's concept of a renewal mop. The Reveal mop worked well for several weeks, but the spray bottle did not last long. The bottle collapses with extended use and the sprayer no longer works unless I remove the bottle and unscrew the cap to allow more air into the bottle. I believe this may be corrected if the bottle was designed with a ridged plastic instead of the flexible plastic. If Rubbermaid designed a new bottle and sold it as a replacement part - I would purchase the bottle and continue to use the Reveal mop. Otherwise, I will discard my Reveal mop and buy the Libman mop which does not seem to have this problem.", {'entities': [(49, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have purchased two Reveal mops, each lasting about 3 months. The first mop's trigger/handle mechanism broke, but I really like the idea of using my own cleaning solutions--so, I bought another one. I've had the second mop an even shorter amount of time and the bottom plastic piece that holds the mop pad just came off. I thought it had just come apart, so I went to put it back together and I saw a plastic thingy had snapped off on the inside of the tube-- no way to fix that. At this price, these mops should last longer than that, not to mention the I'm out from buying extra bottles (to hold different cleaning solutions) and extra pads. I usually like Rubbermaid products, so I think it must just be a glitch with this mop", {'entities': [(660, 670, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband bought this for me for my birthday back in May and I couldn't wait to use it for the first time. I had been using a different brand prior but was not happy so had high expectations for the Reveal. Unfortunately, this mop didn't meet any of those. Once I got everything together and solution filled, nothing happened when pulling the trigger. I thought maybe I had done something wrong but after doing some research I found that I in fact must have gotten a defective one. So the following day my husband exchanged it for a new one. Again, excited and hopeful this one would work, it's been nothing but trouble. The handle is always sticking and I have to pop the solution bottle out and back in just to get a few squirts out at a time. Then finally the other day while cleaning, I noticed a huge puddle where the mop was and it was all the solution I had in the bottle. Not sure how or why it leaked out the way it did, but it is no longer holding it. I am extremely disappointed and I feel that Rubbermaid should honor some type of limited warranty especially considering all negative reviews this product has already received. Either that, or take it off the shelves until they can improve the quality of it.", {'entities': [(1007, 1017, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a professional housecleaner had used a Rubbermaid mop at a client's house that I really liked. Pointy corners are excellent. I like the long slim base the microfiber heads (one with loops for dry mop one for wet mop). I was, howver unable to find one like hers so I bought this one. I did like the fact that I could refill any liquid into the bottle. The sprayer quit working not too long after I got it, but I didn't mind so much. However I discovered that the plastic projection of where the bottle would be is in the way. It prevents me from getting into areas that I would be able to reach if it were not there. The pads do not stay on could use more area to grab the surface of the pad. I sewed elastic onto mine so they would stay put. I'm still on the hunt for the one like my client has though!", {'entities': [(44, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the original version several years ago. I liked it so much, I bought extra bottles and pads. It worked great for a long time but the trigger eventually wore out. After Christmas, I found the newer version and bought one for me as well as a friend. Last week, my trigger handle stopped working! I was so disappointed...Rubbermaid products usually last for a very long time.', {'entities': [(327, 337, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am on my 4-5th mop within the last 2 years, I keep replacing because I love using my own family safe cleaner and I've also invested so much in the additional clothes. If its not the handle breaking its the sprayer sticking......Come on Rubbermaid you have better product history than this! I recommend this if you have to spend.", {'entities': [(238, 248, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought a Reveal mop and have only used it for a few weeks. At first the trigger only caused a few missed sprays, so I kept the mop. Now it only sprays on the initial spray and nothing else afterwards. I have soaked the bottle cap, I only use water and vinegar. Now I'm reduced to using a separate spray bottle of solution in order to mop, which negates the convenience of having the spray on the mop and holding the mop with two hands. This seems to be a widespread issue with Reveal mops. I like the bottle and the pads, but why doesn't the spray work This is my first disappointment with Rubbermaid. I very much WANT this product to work, just like so many other reviewers. I don't know if it is the bottle or the mop, so I don't know which to try replacing or whether I should give up and try a different brand.", {'entities': [(590, 600, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this mop back in 2010 or 2011 (its 2013 now). It worked perfectly for a month or two then the spray mechanism started acting up. It took forever for it to release, and sometimes it would not spray anything out. It never completely stopped working but it took longer to mop with it refusing to work correctly. It never got worse from there but in 2013 I went to use it and the boom broke apart where it connects to the spray bottle part. I considered purchasing another one but my friend has had a Libman spray mop about as long and she's never had issues with it so I am going to try that out instead. I am really surprised by the trouble as I have plenty of Rubbermaid products in my house and have never had issues with it. Upon reading comments here and other sites I have found others have had the same issue as I, so clearly something is not made well on this product. Its just the spray mechanism/handle. Everything else works exactly like it should and its very affective at cleaning. Plus love that it's washable and I can fill it with any cleaner I feel like!", {'entities': [(671, 681, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have purchased and used 4 reveal spray mop systems. They are absolutely wonderful for maintaing the combination of tile and hardwood floors I have in my home. After about 6 months each unit began exhibiting problems with the solution spray. All 4 eventually broke athe the junction of the mop head and the wand. I continued to believe that with so many having similar problems that Rubbermaid must be working on upgrades to fix these common failures. Evidently I am wrong, I guess I need to invest in another brand of mop to see if there is one that is made to last.', {'entities': [(384, 394, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had this for more than a year, bought the newer model for my son, so sorry I did! Mine stopped spraying within the first few months! I've tired everything, soaking the tops of the bottles, etc. I finally bought some cheap spray bottles and use them to spray the cleaner (by hand) on the floor! They idea of this mop is great but the reality is not!! I have used Rubbermaid products for more years than I care to mention but this one is not up to the quality I expect!", {'entities': [(367, 377, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was SO EXCITED to find this mop! Finally, no more buying pads and special cleaners! I had the convenience of filling MY OWN cleaner as needed. And not to mention the washable cleaning pad. Thought this was definitely a money saver in the end run! Considering it was a lil pricy, but an investment I figured. Especially since I have wall to wall hardwood floors!!! WELL.. boy was I WRONG!(SO SAD)!The mop leaks when I'm finished, leaving a nice cleanup bleach stain on my hardwood floor! (Had I known. I def. would not have left it propped up while I finished cleaning!)With it leaking prior to me finally figuring it out, that it was leaking, I've gone through countless bottles of cleaner! no money saver there! Now, the lil sprayer will not spray! After shaking it trying to get it to come out, it now just SPITS out shaken up bubbled cleaner! So now I have to spray cleaner on floor, then dry mop with it! Its practically worthless! I am soooo disappointed! Especially it is ONLY 2 MONTHS OLD!!!!! I will be contacting Rubbermaid next!", {'entities': [(1024, 1034, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I really liked this mop until, like the other reviews cited, the handle broke and i am not hard on mops. I would like a mop like it but they need to improve it...it does NOT last and for 25-30 bucks it should last AT LEAST one year..mine didn't..lasted 6 months and the handle broke-i won't be buying another. I am surprised because Rubbermaid is known for quality but this product is a fail.", {'entities': [(333, 343, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have purchased and used 4 reveal spray mop systems. They are absolutely wonderful for maintaing the combination of tile and hardwood floors I have in my home. After about 6 months each unit began exhibiting problems with the solution spray. All 4 eventually broke athe the junction of the mop head and the wand. I continued to believe that with so many having similar problems that Rubbermaid must be working on upgrades to fix these common failures. Evidently I am wrong, I guess I need to invest in another brand of mop to see if there is one that is made to last.', {'entities': [(384, 394, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It never ceases to amaze me . . . Rubbermaid has had a knack for introducing innovative and usually quality products. But this Reveal Spray mop is a disappointment. It looks to be well made, but I'll never use it long enough to confirm the overall durability. The spray bottle mechanism just refuses to work properly. Used only once, the spray bottle lost its ability to spray after after using 1/4 of the liquid. Don't tell me it's the rubber washer--as I said--it's brand new! I can't be bothered with something that should make life easier, but instead takes 45 minutes to correctly re-prime so it can be used. Now I'll be looking MUCH more carefully before I make a Rubbermaid purchase", {'entities': [(34, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Rubbermaid had a great idea when they came up with this product but it needs a little tweaking. I am on my 2nd one right now in less than a month and both times I am having the same problem . The trigger keeps getting stuck and won't spray the cleaning solution. Hope this can be resolved easily cause it's a great money saving product idea.", {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought the original version several years ago. I liked it so much, I bought extra bottles and pads. It worked great for a long time but the trigger eventually wore out. After Christmas, I found the newer version and bought one for me as well as a friend. Last week, my trigger handle stopped working! I was so disappointed...Rubbermaid products usually last for a very long time.', {'entities': [(327, 337, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As mentioned by others the spray lever is the major problem. After using for 2 months the spray trigger(lever) would hang up, not reset, pause for a couple of minutes and it would reset. Now its completely non-functional. I have resorted to using a hand spray bottle. If Rubbermaid would finally fix this design problem it would be a great product. Also, minor issue: suggest instruction to lubricate o-ring on bottle to avoid damaging o-ring when re-inserting the bottle after filling. NOTE: at this time I would NOT recommend your product until problem resolved.', {'entities': [(271, 281, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a professional housecleaner had used a Rubbermaid mop at a client's house that I really liked. Pointy corners are excellent. I like the long slim base the microfiber heads (one with loops for dry mop one for wet mop). I was, howver unable to find one like hers so I bought this one. I did like the fact that I could refill any liquid into the bottle. The sprayer quit working not too long after I got it, but I didn't mind so much. However I discovered that the plastic projection of where the bottle would be is in the way. It prevents me from getting into areas that I would be able to reach if it were not there. The pads do not stay on could use more area to grab the surface of the pad. I sewed elastic onto mine so they would stay put. I'm still on the hunt for the one like my client has though!", {'entities': [(44, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Usually love Rubbermaid products. I had Swiffer wet jet mops but I hated buying solution and throw away pads all of the time. Also, I press so hard when mopping that the handle would break. This handle is much sturdier and love that I can use my own solution and wash the pads. The only bad part is that the pump quit working after about a month. There is a warranty, but who saves a receipt for a mop for a month My suggestion is if you buy this product, keep your receipt.', {'entities': [(13, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was very excited when I first bought this mop as a alternative to the Swiffer where you have to buy their cleaning solution and disposable pads. For the first month or so I was very happy with how easy the Reveal Spray Mop was to use and how clean it got my floors. Then, the spray trigger stopped working. If you try to wait on the trigger to reset or whatever it does, then it will take you forever to mop one small floor. Like others, I may have to resort to using floor cleaner in a spray bottle, but I sure wish Rubbermaid would just fix the problem or stop making the product. This was such a convenient product when it worked I may have to try Swiffer after all.', {'entities': [(519, 529, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought a Reveal mop and have only used it for a few weeks. At first the trigger only caused a few missed sprays, so I kept the mop. Now it only sprays on the initial spray and nothing else afterwards. I have soaked the bottle cap, I only use water and vinegar. Now I'm reduced to using a separate spray bottle of solution in order to mop, which negates the convenience of having the spray on the mop and holding the mop with two hands. This seems to be a widespread issue with Reveal mops. I like the bottle and the pads, but why doesn't the spray work This is my first disappointment with Rubbermaid. I very much WANT this product to work, just like so many other reviewers. I don't know if it is the bottle or the mop, so I don't know which to try replacing or whether I should give up and try a different brand.", {'entities': [(590, 600, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am on my 4-5th mop within the last 2 years, I keep replacing because I love using my own family safe cleaner and I've also invested so much in the additional clothes. If its not the handle breaking its the sprayer sticking......Come on Rubbermaid you have better product history than this! I recommend this if you have to spend.", {'entities': [(238, 248, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Why doesn't this come with instructions Why can't I make the spray come out Even if it does eventually, from these other reviews, I'm sad to see that the trigger will fail soon and/or the handle will break. Using a separate spray bottle meanwhile. I don't think it's great strategy to keep posing Sorry you're disappointed, call Rubbermaid customer service . . .", {'entities': [(329, 339, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this a little while ago and had not used it for very long. Now the sprayer does not work and I do not know how to fix. While it worked, I liked it. Now it is hanging on the wall. I expected better from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(211, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I loved this product until it was about three months old and the trigger mechanism broke. I never had a problem with Rubbermaid products prior to this and did not save my receipt. Foolish me as I can no longer get a refund!', {'entities': [(117, 127, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop only about a month ago. I was so disappointed this morning when I went to use it and the head broke off the handle. For the amount of money I paid, I expected it to last longer. I would not recommend this to anyone if Rubbermaid does not either replace the one I bought or fix it so it does not keep happening. I will say, however, I loved that I could use my own detergent and that I could re-use and wash the pad. If it had lasted longer, it had the potential for 5 stars!', {'entities': [(236, 246, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this mop worked fine until today and it won't spray. The spray mechanism works but the water will not come out of the bottle--I think the bottle top has stopped working-disappointed because use a lot of Rubbermaid products.", {'entities': [(203, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love the wide mop head but it repeatedly separates from the handle during use. Over time the pump action handle began to stick and the bottle became increasingly leaky. Unfortunately the product has been replaced. Rubbermaid, I would advise replacing removable mop head with a fixed durable hinge, less leaky bottle, and a better pump mechanism.', {'entities': [(214, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bought this mop and it worked great until like everyone else is saying it broke at the weak point where the bottle and the handle meet. Snapped right off. Really disappointing because it was great to be able to use any cleaner I wanted and have a washable cleaning pad. Fix the weak link Rubbermaid engineers and you will have a great product.', {'entities': [(288, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After spending way too much on other brand name refills, I bought the Rubbermaid reveal....loved it until the sprayer stopped working....after moving I thought id give it another shot since they came out with a new design with the scrubber....a month or two later same thing...(hey Rubbermaid...nobody saves proof of purchase or receipts for mops!) great concept on the mop, not so much on the sprayer.', {'entities': [(70, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Expected more from Rubbermaid. Love that you can use your own vinegar and water solution. BUT...that extra dust will not pick up so you have to go get it yourself after mopping (and it is stuck in the corners). The bottle falls out when you pick up the mop to pull off the pad when it gets dirty and you want to swap it out. (clip of some kind could have held it in place) And what is with the RED pad Why not white so you can see it is clean Arm not built very sturdy. Didn't you guys try using this Good idea but your rush to market is NOT up to your quality for sure.. .", {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This mop is good for quick lick and a promise cleanings and I like the idea of easily being able to wash the pad. I had difficulty with the cleaning solution leaking when the mop was stored with the head down however, so I have had to change the way I store it in order to avoid a mess. I am also disappointed to see that Rubbermaid does not sell replacement scrubber pads-apparently they do not intend that this product will hold up that long, especially after reading the other reviews. Built in obsolescence when the products should be the best they can be. I can and do wash my string mop heads successfully and get my floors cleaner.', {'entities': [(322, 332, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in an apartment so this is perfect and very hassle free for mopping. Very effective and easy to use. However... After a while the fluid container had such good suction, it would collapse in on itself which I think was causing the trigger to eventually only squirt fluid effectively for the first pull every couple of minutes. After a few minutes, another trigger pull would squirt 1 effective burst. Then the handle broke. Right near where it goes into the plastic section. Grrr. I like this mop and I wish those design flaws were addressed. I'm pretty hesitant to buy another one though unless those things are fixed. It's almost there Rubbermaid.", {'entities': [(644, 654, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the idea of this mop! I bought it on line before it came out in stores because I was searching for a good spray mop. I love that I can wash the pads myself (they are great quality) and that they came off/on so easily. I love that I can use my own solution. I have two big problems. 1) the spray bottle would collapse on itself and I would have to wait for it to fill with air before I could continue spraying. And 2) The Quality and durability of the handle. I'm glad others had the same problem, because I was feeling Hulkish. The housing where the handle and mop head meet snapped right in half. I had to throw the whole thing away. I haven't found a good replacement yet, so I hope Rubbermaid can fix these two issues!", {'entities': [(692, 702, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this mop about 6 months ago and I loved, loved, loved it. I would tell everyone I knew to go out and buy it. It was so convenient to use any cleaner and not have to buy disposable pads. I have 2 young children, 2 cats and a puppy and this was the best mop I had found. I have a large house with laminate and ceramic throughout so I used this mop all of the time. Sadly tonight the mop head broke right off. It is beyond repair. I was suprised that this would happen with a Rubbermaid product. I guess that I will have to apologize to my friends and try to find another brand of mop. I didn't keep the receipt for such a small purchase so I can't even return it.", {'entities': [(485, 495, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I first tried this product 10 months ago. I was so intrigued with the concept of this new mop and how it saved you money and time, that I had to have it. Before I seen and purchased this mop I was using the Swiffer line of products and I was getting so frustrated with buying the pads and I was looking for a better solution. After using the mop for about a month, I was still in awe of how well it worked and how much easier it made the task of cleaning floors. This product not only intrigued me but also my teenage children, because they were mopping the floor a lot more now, because of the ease of use. But sadly to say after the second month of using the product I had a big problem, the mop head broke. This problem lead to me questioning the quality and durability of this product. Well to see if this was a fluke or a true flaw I went and purchased another Rubbermaid Spray Mop. Just like the first mop I purchased, it works great for a couple of months then it breaks. This time it was three and a half months before it happened but was the same problem. The mop breaks in the narrow area between the mop head and the container that holds the cleaning solution. This is a great concept but it needs to twerked a little for durability.', {'entities': [(866, 876, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love my Rubbermaid Reveal. It helps me keep up with our two dogs. My only problem is that the liquid dispenser collapses in on itself. It suctions in so much that it is very hard to squeeze open to refill and looks like it is about to break where it squeezes together. A better plastic would fix this.', {'entities': [(10, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I see a lot of review at which it quits spraying this happen to me I opened it up and used olive oil on the piston mechanism that portion works just fine now however, I would like to see replacement scrub pads. Rubbermaid you need to lubricate the piston piston mechanism during manufacturing.', {'entities': [(211, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been a longtime Swiffer user and was excited when the Reveal Mop came to market. I was tired of buying expensive cleaners and replacement pads and jumped at the chance to purchase this mop. (It was on sale, and I had a coupon). Next time I will wait until the product has been on the market longer. I've had this mop for about 6 months now, if not longer and LOVE the fact that I can fill it with my own cleaners, but the bottle seems to leak, especially when it's not in use, and my biggest pet peeve is that when I am mopping the handle separates from the mop head. I wasn't going to complain, but I see on here that it happens to others as well. Not sure why it's designed to come apart, but when I'm in the middle of mopping the floor, it's quite a pain. I usually LOVE all the Rubbermaid products I have, but I'm quickly falling out of love with this product. :(", {'entities': [(789, 799, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The concept is fantastic! I have hardwood floors throughout my house, I don't like battery operated mops and steam is not good for hardwood, so the Reveal was the best option. I fill it with my favorite floor cleaner and away I go. Perfect! The only flaw is the assembly issue. The head of the mop is designed to be removed from the handle -- why! Don't know. This should be a permanent flexible assembly, not detachable. The first time I noticed the problem, I was applying a fair amount of pressure to the mop. When the handle detached from the head of the mop I ended up with a big gash/streak in my wood floor - not pretty. This has happened several more times and has gotten progressively worse. The head pops off every other stroke with minimal pressure. A real pain! I like everything else about the mop, so at this point, I plan to drill a hole in the assembly and screw the pieces together so I can use it without having to put the head back on every other stroke -literally. Perhaps Rubbermaid will come up with a better assembly solution, apparently all of the other mop makers seem to know how to avoid this problem.", {'entities': [(993, 1003, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this loving the idea of the washable pad and refillable bottle. I even bought an extra bottle and pad to have one set for my tile and one for wood. It worked great until today when the plastic at the bottom of the handle cracked and the handle came out. Now it is useless. I expected more from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(303, 313, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You need to place instructions on the packaging for this mop. There are no instructions for actually getting started with the mop. It took me a half-hour before I could get the mop working. The packaging says to look online for detailed instructions and there aren't any there, either! I did not know what to do with the blue foam piece between the mop and the bottle - was it to be thrown away I notice from other reviewers that I am not the only one who did not know how to get started. I could not get the sprayer to work at all. I looked online for other people's suggestions and some said to remove the tiny plastic nub from inside the cap on the spray bottle. I did so and the mop worked, but now it just leaks. I called Rubbermaid and am getting a new cap, thankfully, but all this trouble could have been avoided by including some simple instructions on the packaging for how to get started using this mop.", {'entities': [(727, 737, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Positives: Cleans better and with almost no streaking. Big improvement over Swiffer wet mop. Much more economical since Rubbermaid doesn't force you to purchase ridiculously priced cleaning fluid. Negatives: What gorilla sized man designed the handle I have a normal sized hand for a woman and the spray lever is nowhere near a comfortable position. Also, the spray nozzle is in the handle rather than on the cleaning head. So if you spray while mopping, the spray goes way too high. Still an improvement over Swiffer but some adjustments are needed to bring it up to five stars.", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love this mop! In comparison to similar mops from other companies I prefer Rubbermaid. However. I've had purchased 3 of them over the last few years. The spray trigger always.. with out fail.. breaks. It's unfortunate and I hope they look into and fix this problem as I see I'm not the only one dealing with this issue. Other than that this is the best reusable, refillable mop I've used.", {'entities': [(75, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the way this microfiber pad cleans my laminate floors. However the handle does not last. This is the second one I have purchased that the handle broke. I know I should have known better when the first one broke, but the pads clean really well and my dog sheds a LOT! I wish Rubbermaid would come out with a durable handle.', {'entities': [(281, 291, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Love this mop! In comparison to similar mops from other companies I prefer Rubbermaid. However. I've had purchased 3 of them over the last few years. The spray trigger always.. with out fail.. breaks. It's unfortunate and I hope they look into and fix this problem as I see I'm not the only one dealing with this issue. Other than that this is the best reusable, refillable mop I've used.", {'entities': [(75, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Positives: Cleans better and with almost no streaking. Big improvement over Swiffer wet mop. Much more economical since Rubbermaid doesn't force you to purchase ridiculously priced cleaning fluid. Negatives: What gorilla sized man designed the handle I have a normal sized hand for a woman and the spray lever is nowhere near a comfortable position. Also, the spray nozzle is in the handle rather than on the cleaning head. So if you spray while mopping, the spray goes way too high. Still an improvement over Swiffer but some adjustments are needed to bring it up to five stars.", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I see a lot of review at which it quits spraying this happen to me I opened it up and used olive oil on the piston mechanism that portion works just fine now however, I would like to see replacement scrub pads. Rubbermaid you need to lubricate the piston piston mechanism during manufacturing.', {'entities': [(211, 221, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This mop is good for quick lick and a promise cleanings and I like the idea of easily being able to wash the pad. I had difficulty with the cleaning solution leaking when the mop was stored with the head down however, so I have had to change the way I store it in order to avoid a mess. I am also disappointed to see that Rubbermaid does not sell replacement scrubber pads-apparently they do not intend that this product will hold up that long, especially after reading the other reviews. Built in obsolescence when the products should be the best they can be. I can and do wash my string mop heads successfully and get my floors cleaner.', {'entities': [(322, 332, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Bought this mop and it worked great until like everyone else is saying it broke at the weak point where the bottle and the handle meet. Snapped right off. Really disappointing because it was great to be able to use any cleaner I wanted and have a washable cleaning pad. Fix the weak link Rubbermaid engineers and you will have a great product.', {'entities': [(288, 298, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this mop worked fine until today and it won't spray. The spray mechanism works but the water will not come out of the bottle--I think the bottle top has stopped working-disappointed because use a lot of Rubbermaid products.", {'entities': [(203, 213, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this loving the idea of the washable pad and refillable bottle. I even bought an extra bottle and pad to have one set for my tile and one for wood. It worked great until today when the plastic at the bottom of the handle cracked and the handle came out. Now it is useless. I expected more from Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(303, 313, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After spending way too much on other brand name refills, I bought the Rubbermaid reveal....loved it until the sprayer stopped working....after moving I thought id give it another shot since they came out with a new design with the scrubber....a month or two later same thing...(hey Rubbermaid...nobody saves proof of purchase or receipts for mops!) great concept on the mop, not so much on the sprayer.', {'entities': [(70, 80, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am on my third Rubbermaid mop. Love the convenience and efficiency until the trigger quits working! Rubbermaid surely there is a solution to this problem!', {'entities': [(17, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Quick Review: Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop. Was a toss-up between this or the competition. This one won out because it was less in my immiediate area. Actual use. Once I got the plastic off and the cardboard off the head, filling the bottle was easy. I used ZEP floor cleaner in the bottle ((filled bottle 3/4 full and still had 1/4 bottle left when done - put in spray bottle after) I'm not sure how many sq.ft of hardwood is in my place.... maybe 1,000+ (bedrooms, livingroom, dining area, hallway, bedroom, computer room, tv room, part of basement room). Vacuumed all areas before using the mop (good thing, one area I forgot to vacuum- had to deal with wet lint). Took longer having to move some furniture than mopping/polishing the floor. Spray...clean area, Move to next area...spray, repeat. Pad just glided over the floor. Stuck nicely to the velcro on the head without curling or peeling off as I went over the floor. If it looked too wet, just went over it a few more times. First time in years the floor has gotten a good polish, usually spot-clean and vacuum only ((have you ever tried cleaning 1,000 sq.ft of hardwood with a spray bottle and a microfibre cloth that keeps bunching up) Once all the floors were done, just peeled the microfibre head off (still to be washed, will wash with next load of rags I think and hang dry). You need to get a good grip to peel this off, I like that. Rinsed out bottle with hot water and sprayed hot water through sprayer once done ((just to minimize the chance of clogging)) Hung spray mop up on a nail with the ever so handy metal hook, again way nicer than the typical hole in the handle or handle cap with hole in it. As for problems with the head or sprayer, none so far. So far from actual use, I'd say it's made a strong first impression 4.5/5 Lastly, this isn't a comparison against the competitions mop. I'm sure it's wonderful too. The Rubbermaid reveal simply won on price and the fact I already have the competitor for dusting cloths.", {'entities': [(14, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Once I got it to work it was convenient and easy to use. Rubbermaid certainly could have cut down the frustrations by including instructions for activating the spraying mechanism. I do appreciate being able to use the solutions I make myself and not having trash each time I mop.', {'entities': [(57, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a cleaning business and have had all of my clients purchase the Reveal Spray Mop. .I chose it first because it's Rubbermaid and I liked the large mop head. I am now having trouble keeping the head attached...I have to keep stopping and reattaching it...wish there was a clip to keep it in place.", {'entities': [(120, 130, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this mop. Works great and pad is easy to clean. This floor mop is by far better than any of those Swiffer products that just slides the dirt over and over on your floors. The only problem is I need a replacement bottle and can't locate where to purchase one. I don't want to buy a whole new Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop.", {'entities': [(298, 308, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Let me first preface that I HATE mopping. Did I tell you I hate mopping The thought of sticking my hand in dirty water wringing out the mop makes me shudder. Hence, I have been using the disposable wet mop system prior to installing laminate flooring. However, since the wet mop pads are oversaturated, they are not compatible with laminate flooring which pretty much has to be almost dry-mopped. I was instructed by the laminate installers to spray my itty-bitty microfiber mop and then proceed to clean my floor with a special hardwood and laminate cleaner repeating the steps too many times over 1000 sq feet of laminate flooring. After mopping this way a few times, I gave up and started just spot-cleaning the dirty areas. As a result, the floor was looking a bit dirty and hazy with paw prints, foot prints and goodness-knows-what-those-spots were despite hand-and-knee mopping. However, when I saw the Rubbermaid with a LARGE washable microfiber mop with attached spray, I knew I had to get it. Beware that the bottle top needs a lot of rinsing with warm water and repeated pushing in at the center of the spring top in order loosen its grip and easily spray after priming it for well over 30 sprays. I managed to mop my entire house in less than 30 minutes with the floor as clean as the day that it was installed. The just-mopped area dried quickly leaving a nice clean sheen. The Rubbermaid Reveal Spray made mopping a breeze from start to finish with me throwing the dirty mop head into the washer to be cleaned. I'm going to recommend this product to my other relatives who have laminate flooring and hate mopping on their hands and knees.", {'entities': [(909, 919, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I read all the FAQs on the website before I attempted to use my Reveal mop. I followed the suggestions I thought were best and had no problems. I love the fact I am able to use my own cleaning solutions. Being able to toss the cleaning pad into my washer is going to save me many dollars. Although, it would help greatly if Rubbermaid would include instructions with the mop.', {'entities': [(324, 334, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am on my third Rubbermaid mop. Love the convenience and efficiency until the trigger quits working! Rubbermaid surely there is a solution to this problem!', {'entities': [(17, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited to get the Rubbermaid Reveal. We have stained concrete floors so I have a large area to mop and swiffer was costing a fortune. I love the mop so much. I am saving a ton of money and it cleans really well. The only problem is that the handle keeps popping off the mop head. If I really need to scrub the flood I am on my hands and knees. But for overall cleaning, I love it. Don't know what I would do without it.", {'entities': [(28, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had purchased one of the original reveal mops and was terribly disappointed. I broke after 2 uses! A couple months later, I was contacted by Rubbermaid and they sent me a new and improved Reveal mop. It is much better quality, and the scrubber is a nice new feature. I love that I can mix my own eco-friendly and non-toxic solutions, especially now that I have a baby on the way. I also love that the pads are all machine washable, which is much better for the environment. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(143, 153, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this mop as a Christmas gift. I used it once and wet the tip as instructed. It worked great. When I went to use it again, it wouldn't spray. So I come to this website to look for some kind of manual or problem solving area. I read through several of the reviews and saw my problem was widespread. A couple of pages in, Rubbermaid had posted a response. run hot water through the spray area if you have used a waxy cleaner. So I ran hot water through it and put hot water in the bottle and tried again. After several cleansing sprays it works great again! Yea!!! I'm so happy again.", {'entities': [(330, 340, 'PRODUCT')]})
("because the bottle isn't inserted right. First time I used it, I noticed the curved part should wrap around the handle or the bottle won't push down into the cup good enough the trigger won't spray. Once I corrected that, it worked fine. I've only used it a few times so far and love the idea, but if the problems are corrected by Rubbermaid with a better built product so it doesn't break at the base of the handle, I would buy another one. One thing I don't care for is that it sprays upon furniture and my wood cabinets. That being said, I will report back later how it is working for me.", {'entities': [(331, 341, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my 2nd mop. They last about 1.5 - 2 years. We have 5 animals and mop wood and vinyl floors daily and it does a great job. Just don't push down hard on the handle as it is not that strong. We found handle to be weakest point on mop and that is what eventually broke. We use vinegar solution to clean floors and sprayer nozzles stay clean. No leakage from nozzles. The price, including shipping and taxes (in VA) is 10 cheaper than it was 2 years ago so that is a good thing! Will continue to buy this mop...use my own solution and don't have to buy pads every time you turn around! Rubbermaid needs to make handle more durable tho.", {'entities': [(589, 599, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a good mop. I like the way it works. I can use my own floor cleaning product in the bottle, which is great because I have a fluid made for my ceramic tile floors that does not discolor the grout. HOWEVER, it is a pain to keep having the launder these microfiber pads. Too bad Rubbermaid doesn't sell disposable pads too that fit this mop. I've been using Swiffer WetJet pads, which work okay but are too narrow -- not really fitting the full width of the mop. SO WAKE UP RUBBERMAID -- MAKE SOME DISPOSABLE PADS!!!", {'entities': [(284, 294, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've owned my Reveal Spray Mop for about one year and I've been very impressed. The design is superb, easy to use, does what it's suppose to do (clean floors) without having to get on your hands and knees, the easy to attach washable mop is durable, and my hardwood floors look fantastic. I use a premixed hardwood floor cleaner (Bona) and never have any clogging up of the spray mechanism. The one major problem ....... the handle broke off the other day. Seems to be a reoccurring issue in the on-line reviews. Rubbermaid, in your next redesign of this product, focus on a more durable handle attachment to the wand, even if you have to charge a little more, and you'll have a close to perfect product second to none.", {'entities': [(513, 523, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been waiting for an alternative to the other mop for over a year now. The pads and the cleaner got a bit costly, but I continued to use the other mop since there really wasn't another alternative that cleaned as well. Well, Rubbermaid stepped up to the plate and made a home run! The pads do a super job at cleaning and leave so little moisture behind, my floors dried without any streaks (a must for shiny hard wood floors)! The only negative I can think of is that the bottle that holds the cleaning solution leaks just a bit, but with that being the only negative quality, I can say that I will be spreading the word about this fantastic product to all my friends. I think I will even buy one to use in my classroom!", {'entities': [(231, 241, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm on my second reveal mop. The first one the trigger started sticking after about 6 months. The second one started sticking after a month. Here's the thing. I love this mop. I love the extra bottle and pads. I love the convenience. I was very frustrated when the trigger was sticking again and although Rubbermaid needs to use a better spring and this easy fix is no excuse for that, here's the fix. You'll need a Phillips and flat head screwdriver a can of WD40. On the compartment that holds the liquid cleaner bottle there are 2 screws and 1 screw on the connector piece to the mop head. Unscrew all three. The one by the mop head came out and the other two stayed in their holes. Then with a flathead screwdriver gently pull the seam along the side apart. You only need 1/2-1 inch of a gap. If you pull it open all the way you'll pop a few other pieces out of place and have to piece them all back together- so gently! Then spray some WD40 in along the exposed spring using the red straw that comes with the can. Close the gap, hold it together and try the trigger a few times. If the trigger is still sticking spray more WD40 in until it frees up. Then screw your screws back in and it's as good as new! It worked on both of mine!", {'entities': [(305, 315, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have had this spray-mop for a couple of monts. When it works it works great. The spray is fine. The mopping because of the great pad really works well. Most stains 99 in our hardwood floor have disappeared instantly after spraying and mopping. Then, there are all these quality issues. The bottle either does not quite fit or jams into its receptacle and its hard to pull out. The pad holder flips unexpectedly if you try to do a bit more vigorous mopping. The plastic head into the swivel of the mop head has popped out several times. A nuisance. But if you do not mind the nuisances, it is a very good model. However, keep your expectations a bit low because with a Rubbermaid name I had expected a real solid, exceptionally well built mop. It is not.', {'entities': [(671, 681, 'PRODUCT')]})
('At first I had the same problem with spray, but then used the toothpick technique suggested by another review, inserted bottle again, and it worked after a few pumps. I am very happy I do not have to twist rags to clean floor anymore, i like this mop. Rubbermaid should really add a note about this in the package to avoid so many returns on this product.', {'entities': [(252, 262, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I LOVE the fact that I can save and maintain my house without tons of nasty chemicals for our family's health (especially baby's!), not to mention being green by not tossing extra bottles and disposable pads with each use.... These reasons alone are enough to sell me on it! Great for maintaining a clean floor--made little clean-ups satisfyingly quick and easy (I almost enjoyed myself!). The mop itself is sturdy and attractive, easy to maneuver, and has a much wider path than any other brands I've used. My only problems were: wide and high spray path (GOOD) would sometimes spray on furniture (BAD). I remedied this by flipping the handle around and spraying the floor BEHIND the mop, instead this worked fine, but was a little tedious, as well as a little harder to pull on the trigger.) The solution bottles seemed to leak a little with each change-out, as well as when held upside down, but no biggie--I'm using people-safe cleaning solutions, after all. I had to be careful not to set the mop down on my berber area rugs--the plastic hooks that hold the pads in place wreaked havoc on them! The bottles, themselves, got in the way a bit when trying to get underneath my low-profile bed--guess I'll have to stick with the disposies for that purpose--but it worked everywhere else in my house. My only real suggestion for improvement would be different-colored pads for different rooms--even though I'm washing them, I don't want to use the same pads in the bathroom as I do in the kitchen (I just used a permanent marker to write a B on the white side of my bathroom pads). I'm hooked! THANKS, Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(1602, 1612, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so close to giving up on this product within the first 10 minutes of use. I could NOT get anything to spray! There are no instructions with the mop, so there was nothing telling me that it'll take keeping the mop upright for a while, then pumping it at least a dozen times before any spray will come out. Finally I came to this website, hoping for some answers. The reviews were the only place I could find realistic instructions. Rubbermaid, UPDATE YOUR PACKAGING! Let people know what it'll take to get it to spray. It really will save you many returns. After it finally started spraying, I was able to really see how great this mop is. The spray covers a good area, and the pad size is wonderful! The relatively thin top part (that the pad attaches to) is great as well, as I was able to get partially under my stove (which hasn't seen a mop in years). Being able to use your own product is such a great benefit. I have animals (one of which has allergies) so its nice to be able to use an all natural, pet friendly cleaning solution. Great job, Rubbermaid, but seriously get your act together with including instructions with the product.", {'entities': [(437, 447, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried the Rubbermaid Reveal mop as part of a Houseparty test. I love that it's lightweight, can use the cleaner of my choice and can reuse the floor pads after washing. Seems like a lot less waste than other brands and did a better job cleaning. So easy and effective, I'm much more likely to immediately mop up spills with this--and continue on with the whole floor while I'm at it. Only drawback is that it took some tinkering to get the spray in just the right spot, but I'm good to go now. Would definitely recommend this to friends--and already have!", {'entities': [(12, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The reveal spray mop is in my opinion the best value in the spray mop market! The spray mechanism is second to non and the flexibility of using whichever solution one chooses are great advantages. I like it so much I bought 7 of them in the last 2 month. I have a biz and I need a lot of floor surface cleaned on a daily basis. Out of those 7 mops, only 3 are still in working condition. the other 4 have all broken exactly in the same spot... the intersection of the aluminum handle and the plastic casing of the spray mechanism. Product mishandling does not seem to explain it since the four mops broke while been used by different people. I haven't given up on the Reveal spray mop dough. I am sure a reputable company such as Rubbermaid will be quick to acknowledge the current structural flaw in the Reveal's structural design and make the necessary changes. I cant wait... buying a new mop every other week is starting to get old. Roger from Madison WI", {'entities': [(730, 740, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a good mop. I like the way it works. I can use my own floor cleaning product in the bottle, which is great because I have a fluid made for my ceramic tile floors that does not discolor the grout. HOWEVER, it is a pain to keep having the launder these microfiber pads. Too bad Rubbermaid doesn't sell disposable pads too that fit this mop. I've been using Swiffer WetJet pads, which work okay but are too narrow -- not really fitting the full width of the mop. SO WAKE UP RUBBERMAID -- MAKE SOME DISPOSABLE PADS!!!", {'entities': [(284, 294, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is my 2nd mop. They last about 1.5 - 2 years. We have 5 animals and mop wood and vinyl floors daily and it does a great job. Just don't push down hard on the handle as it is not that strong. We found handle to be weakest point on mop and that is what eventually broke. We use vinegar solution to clean floors and sprayer nozzles stay clean. No leakage from nozzles. The price, including shipping and taxes (in VA) is 10 cheaper than it was 2 years ago so that is a good thing! Will continue to buy this mop...use my own solution and don't have to buy pads every time you turn around! Rubbermaid needs to make handle more durable tho.", {'entities': [(589, 599, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this mop. Works great and pad is easy to clean. This floor mop is by far better than any of those Swiffer products that just slides the dirt over and over on your floors. The only problem is I need a replacement bottle and can't locate where to purchase one. I don't want to buy a whole new Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop.", {'entities': [(298, 308, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm on my second reveal mop. The first one the trigger started sticking after about 6 months. The second one started sticking after a month. Here's the thing. I love this mop. I love the extra bottle and pads. I love the convenience. I was very frustrated when the trigger was sticking again and although Rubbermaid needs to use a better spring and this easy fix is no excuse for that, here's the fix. You'll need a Phillips and flat head screwdriver a can of WD40. On the compartment that holds the liquid cleaner bottle there are 2 screws and 1 screw on the connector piece to the mop head. Unscrew all three. The one by the mop head came out and the other two stayed in their holes. Then with a flathead screwdriver gently pull the seam along the side apart. You only need 1/2-1 inch of a gap. If you pull it open all the way you'll pop a few other pieces out of place and have to piece them all back together- so gently! Then spray some WD40 in along the exposed spring using the red straw that comes with the can. Close the gap, hold it together and try the trigger a few times. If the trigger is still sticking spray more WD40 in until it frees up. Then screw your screws back in and it's as good as new! It worked on both of mine!", {'entities': [(305, 315, 'PRODUCT')]})
("because the bottle isn't inserted right. First time I used it, I noticed the curved part should wrap around the handle or the bottle won't push down into the cup good enough the trigger won't spray. Once I corrected that, it worked fine. I've only used it a few times so far and love the idea, but if the problems are corrected by Rubbermaid with a better built product so it doesn't break at the base of the handle, I would buy another one. One thing I don't care for is that it sprays upon furniture and my wood cabinets. That being said, I will report back later how it is working for me.", {'entities': [(331, 341, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've owned my Reveal Spray Mop for about one year and I've been very impressed. The design is superb, easy to use, does what it's suppose to do (clean floors) without having to get on your hands and knees, the easy to attach washable mop is durable, and my hardwood floors look fantastic. I use a premixed hardwood floor cleaner (Bona) and never have any clogging up of the spray mechanism. The one major problem ....... the handle broke off the other day. Seems to be a reoccurring issue in the on-line reviews. Rubbermaid, in your next redesign of this product, focus on a more durable handle attachment to the wand, even if you have to charge a little more, and you'll have a close to perfect product second to none.", {'entities': [(513, 523, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had purchased one of the original reveal mops and was terribly disappointed. I broke after 2 uses! A couple months later, I was contacted by Rubbermaid and they sent me a new and improved Reveal mop. It is much better quality, and the scrubber is a nice new feature. I love that I can mix my own eco-friendly and non-toxic solutions, especially now that I have a baby on the way. I also love that the pads are all machine washable, which is much better for the environment.', {'entities': [(143, 153, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love this sturdy mop. Effective, green and user friendly. After about 6 years of nearly everyday use, the connection near the head has broken off rendering it useless. Because of the time its performed so well, I still would recommend. Never had spray, bottle or use issues. Loved the size of the mophead and the way you could save the pad for reuse. They washed well. Also the fact you can use your own cleaner. Used it at a business as well as my home. Excellent Rubbermaid quality and I will replace it. Wish it wasnt so expensive but the life of it makes it valuable.', {'entities': [(465, 475, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Our home is mainly carpeted, with the exception of the kitchen and three bathrooms, all of which are mostly white linoleum. This linoleum is the textured, cheap kind that never really looks clean to me, and needs frequent cleaning. We used to use the other brand of spray mops, (the one with the disposable cleaning pads, batteries and expensive spray wash solution), but it never really cleaned the floors well, just sort of pushed a filmy line around, which I would have to stop, get a paper towel, bend over and wipe away, which is very difficult when my back pain flares up. Also, it was very expensive to have to keep buying the disposable pads, batteries and proprietary cleaner bottles. I was frustrated, but didn't want to have to pull out the mop and bucket every other day and mop I thought there has to be a better way... I found the better way when I found the Rubbermaid Reveal Mop system, and it works beautifully. I add my OWN cleaner to the bottle, put the WASHABLE mop head pad on, and spray as needed with the MANUAL spray TRIGGER! No more expensive pads, cleaner bottles or batteries to maintain this spray mop! The padded mop head is much more effective and cleaning and holding onto the debris than my previous brand of spray mops, very easy to use, much less expensive to maintain, and is a common sense cleaning tool in my cleaning supplies. Thank you, Rubbermaid, for making the Reveal Spray Mop! Maintaining my floors has never been easier!", {'entities': [(873, 883, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal mop, and I love it!!!', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The first time I used the product I loved it. I have numerous physical issues and this product is easy to use and better still, it works. Thank you, Rubbermaid, for this product.', {'entities': [(149, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love this mop! I have hardwood floors and it cleans so amazingly well. The swivel head is great! I highly recommend everyone buy the Rubbermaid Reveal Mop!', {'entities': [(135, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We LOVE our new Rubbermaid Reveal Mop! It's amazing! Durable, Sleek, Easy to use, and Ecofriendly! My husband couldn't wait to try it out! He even mopped with it before I got a chance too! We love it!,", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So easy to use...I love the homemade cleaning solutions...I also love that I can throw the microfiber pad in the wash...I am saving money and resources at the same time! Thanks, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(178, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product is amazing. I've been washing my floors on my hands and knees for too many years. Now I've just purchased this mop and love it from the first use. Thanks Rubbermaid for making such a useful, well priced and convenient product.", {'entities': [(167, 177, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is such a fantastic product. I was lucky to have a House Party to demonstrate the reveal mop. My other mops are now in the trash. Reveal is the only mop i will ever use. Thanks Rubbermaid for such a great product', {'entities': [(182, 192, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just received my Rubbermaid Reveal yesterday. OMGosh!! I LOVE it!!! And the best part No batteries required unlike that Swiffer Nightmare. It's comfortable to use, and I like that I get to use MY OWN cleaning solutions. Thank You Rubbermaid. YOU ROCK!!!", {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This Reveal Spray Mop is the best! I like how you can be more green with the product and no more disposable mop pads with the other spray mop. Also was happy to find the dry dusting pad that fits Reveal. Now I can dust and mop the floors with only one mop! Thanks Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(264, 274, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just used it and I'm very happy with it so far. The mop head is much larger than other spray mops so I got the job done alot quicker. I also like the swivel aspect of the mop head which allowed me to get into tough areas. Using my own cleaner is a big deal to me so kudos Rubbermaid.", {'entities': [(274, 284, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I only wish the handle was longer. But this is a Great product. I have wood through my home and am tired of drying my floors so they don't streak. The floors dried quickly and no streaks! I like the fact i can you my own cleaning products i see alot of money being saved. Thanks Rubbermaid for this Great product", {'entities': [(279, 289, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When my previous mop was clogged, I replaced it with this new Rubbermaid. Immediately I set to work, to give it a try and was delightfully surprised by the latest improvements. The spray area is much larger. The handy pull tab allows for easier removal for washing it. I am very pleased overall!', {'entities': [(62, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you so much for responding to my problem with my first Reveal spray mop. I have since received the new and improved one and it has worked wonderfully for me. I have used it several times and it does seem to be more sturdy than the original one. I will keep mopping away and update my review if needed. Thank you again, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(325, 335, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the new improved model of this mop based on the feedback I provided about a year ago on the mop. I am so pleased with the new model so far. The handle is more comfortable, easier to grip when using and overall seems lighter a more natural length shape It was the first thing I noticed when I received this updated version. I like the scrub pad feature and the new silicone loop to hang the mop. Nice improvement from the cheaper looking metal loop. I think the trigger spray feature is working better, as well. I had two old mops that died after only a couple of months of use - the trigger stopped connecting to the bottle to spray. So far, no issues with weak spraying or the trigger getting tired when in use. I use this to mop hardwood floors and my tile bathroom floors, so usage is about once per week. The new model is working like a charm. So much less expensive less messy than traditional mops or the Swiffer products. I love having control of what products I am cleaning with and limiting the use of chemicals - better for me, better for the environment better for my wallet long-term. I don't put the pad in the dryer, just as I don't with any of my microfiber cloths. I do have two bottles two pads for the two types of cleaners I make and use. I love this product, really appreciate the updated features and design of this mop and am overly impressed with the level of service Rubbermaid provided regarding my previous comments on this product. Highly recommend this product as an alternative to other forms of mopping and definitely as an alternative to the mops with all the chemicals and expensive pre-moistened pads.", {'entities': [(1402, 1412, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I never thought it was possible but I love this mop. I purchased this mop on friday and have used it every day since. I love the fact that you can have multiple bottles of cleaner for different floor types. I hve wood and tile and this is great. It it by far the easies thing to use and stylish.. I love this mop Rubbermaid. Thanks !!!', {'entities': [(313, 323, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Over all I give the New and Improved Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop a big thumbs up. The money saving factors alone such as the machine washable mop head, mixing your own mopping solution, non-battery operated spray trigger. I also really liked the over-sized microfiber mop head and the non-scratch scouring pad. All at a great value.', {'entities': [(37, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am very pleased with the Reveal mop. I was looking for a mop with microfiber pads so was very happy to find this one. The pads are easy to put on and take off and I like the fact you can throw them in the washing machine. I have had similar mops and like this one much better! I would recommend it to everyone. Thanks Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(320, 330, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used the Swiffer WetJet for about 6 years and the refills were expensive and felt wasteful. A couple of weeks ago, I bought a Rubbermaid Reveal and it is great. The reusable pad really grips the floor to get dirt off and traps the dirt wonderfully. I filled the bottle with vinegar and water and cleaned both kitchen and bathroom wonderfully.', {'entities': [(133, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you, thank you, thank you Rubbermaid for making a great product!! The Reveal mop is everything that a mop should be. It cleans the floor and leaves no streaks or dirt behind. I love being able to choose my own cleaner and being able to wash the mop pad. This is a very well designed product. I already made an endorsement for it on Facebook.', {'entities': [(32, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop about 8 - 9 months ago. I was very pleased with the mop -- I liked that I could make my own solutions and the fact that the mopping pad was reusable. BUT, it recently stopped spraying and I have since found that this is very common. I generally find Rubbermaid items to be of quality but because of this, I will not buy another Reveal mop.', {'entities': [(268, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Over the years the Rubbermaid company has always been one that I can trust to have reliable and affordable (sorry Tupperware) products. Their new Reveal mop is and does everything that they claim, I am very pleased with my purchase and highly recommend this product to any and everyone that is tired of lugging around the string mop and bucket of sudsy water.', {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've never had hardwood floors before and cleaning them became a real challenge for me. I hated the streaks left by other floor cleaning mops. Then along came Reveal! No more streaks and I can use what ever solution I want with it. I am so happy with how the hardwood floor looks I won't hesitate to live in another place with them. Thanks Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(340, 350, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Rubbermaid Reveal...I am very picky about mopping...usually I mop my entire kitchen, dining room, living room, entry, mud room, hall, and bathroom on my hands and knees...I've worn thru a few pairs of kneepads. I just tried the Reveal and it works so well...much better than other mops I've tried on my vinyl flooring. I would recommend this mop to everyone.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("OMG! I LLOOVVEE this mop!! I can continue to use the floor cleaner I have always used and not have to drag a bucket around! I love that I dont have to keep replacing the head because it just goes in the washer after I'm done using it! No clutter in my closet anymore! Its quick, easy and fool proof! I could go on for days! This mop is the best! THANK YOU Rubbermaid!!", {'entities': [(356, 366, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this mope. I will be saving tons of money. Good bye other brand, to the trailer you go. I'm am very impressed with the cleaning solutions and washable pads. FABULOUS. My only complaint is the pull trigger. My hand got very tired. I will miss the auto trigger from the other guys. This mop is sooooo worth the tired hand though. Thanks Rubbermaid for a long overdue product.", {'entities': [(342, 352, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I absolutely enjoy using this mop. It is very environmentally friendly with being able to reuse the mop head and making my own solution from vinegar, lemon juice, water. The mop head length is wonderful. My kitchen is very large with lots of floor space. When I owned a steam mop, it took so much longer to mop because the length was inadequate. Thanks Rubbermaid for making such an innovative product!', {'entities': [(353, 363, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this a gift and have since purchased and additional unit. With the refillable cartridge, this mop allows you to choose your preferred cleaning solution (e.g. Pledge, Mr. Clean, Bona, home-made, etc.) instead of getting locked into one product line (like Swiffer). It flexes and fits easily around tight corners. I even use it to clean all-tile walls in my master bath. Thanks, Rubbermaid, for a great product!', {'entities': [(388, 398, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is a wonderful mop, the microfiber really scrubs and picks up the dirty liquid. Our floors are vinyl and hardwood. Easy to handle design, lightweight yet powerful. The microfiber pads are easy to care for-- Just toss in the washing machine! Plus being able to use the cleaning solution of *MY* choice saves money. Will be purchasing the new microfiber dry mop heads too. Best item I've ever purchased on line, Thanks Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(422, 432, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This has to be the top mop money can buy. It is durable and works great. I have actually enjoyed mopping since getting this. The convenience far outweighs any other and I use it for the whole house. I keep a couple of the microfiber pads so I can always have a clean one, these are really heavy duty and stand up to any mess or situation. This mop really cleans the floor very well. I highly recommend it to anyone, well worth it. Rubbermaid went way out for this and made an excellent product.', {'entities': [(431, 441, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Was using another brand mop that cost TOO much for refills (and batteries.) Not to mention, very BAD on the environment! Thank you Rubbermaid! The Reveal is excellent! It's easy to use, mops great, takes up very little storage space hanging in the pantry! I like being able to refill the bottle with my own homemade cleaning solution AND hot water! Couldn't do this with the old mop. The pads are thick, absorbent, pick up loose cat hair! I don't have to scrub anymore! GREAT!", {'entities': [(131, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The mop is great uses less water and less mess. I have large windows and cant reach without a ladder. So I filled dispenser with vinegar and water, sprayed windows with mop and scrubbed with micro fiber pad and rinsed with the hose .wow no drying and no streaks made my day, less mess and water. Rubbermaid just needs to make an anti gravity sprayer and interchangeable sized heads for smaller windows but overall it works great. Thank You my windows look great and my windows are all clear, streakless and DONE! Citrus', {'entities': [(296, 306, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am a handicapped man, with limited use of my hands. This makes using the traditional wringer-type string mop almost impossible for me to use. The New Rubbermaid Spray Mop is the perfect mop for me. Its lightweight, easy-to-use maneuverability and its no mess no fuss cleanup (simply change the pad to a clean one and toss the dirty one in the washer) make mopping quick, efficient, and easy. It is a fantastic product. My Home Health Aid calls it a dream mop. i would highly recommend it to everyone. I love it!!!', {'entities': [(152, 162, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Had several types of the Swifter Mop, unsatisfied to the cost of the cleaning fluid and the pads/sheets needed for weekly use. Swifter was not a money saving item for a family. Purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop product with the reusable pad. Now I am able to use any type of my cleaning fluid of my choice and purchased an extra pad, I use one while the other is being washed. Saving money in cleaning fluid and mop pads. Thank you all so much for an excellent product for the family of today.', {'entities': [(191, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a neat freak. But...we have 5 dogs and an accident a few years ago left me with chronic back pain. Between those two factors, my house hasn't been as clean as I would like for some time now. That is until I found the Reveal Spray Mop. Now, it's so quick, easy, and, frankly, fun, to clean our floors. Whether it's a quick swish-swash or a whole-house freshen up, this mop has helped me get my house back in order. The Reveal does the job in style and I don't have to bend over and put stress on my back. Thank you, Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(520, 530, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently purchased the Reveal Spray Mop. What a great day it was for my kitchen floor! I wish I'd brought it home sooner. It's extremely easy to use and does a excellent job. I used the cleaning solution recommended for my particular floor and the floor's never looked better. I'm happy to use a green method from Rubbermaid for cleaning my floors instead of using disposible pads like other companies require. Thank you, Rubbermaid, for helping to save the planet!", {'entities': [(316, 326, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this mop when it first appeared at our local grocery store and have been using it ever since. What a wonderful product!! The handle never breaks or cracks with use, as does the swifter mop. It is sturdy, designed to fit into corners, keeps the dust and dirt attached to the mop head, in case you missed dust when vaccuuming, and washes easily in the washer!! I am able to change the liquid to any solution I like without worrying about ruining the spray system. I bought one for each of my siblings and they fell in love with this mop also. Kudos to Rubbermaid !!!', {'entities': [(562, 572, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love this sturdy mop. Effective, green and user friendly. After about 6 years of nearly everyday use, the connection near the head has broken off rendering it useless. Because of the time its performed so well, I still would recommend. Never had spray, bottle or use issues. Loved the size of the mophead and the way you could save the pad for reuse. They washed well. Also the fact you can use your own cleaner. Used it at a business as well as my home. Excellent Rubbermaid quality and I will replace it. Wish it wasnt so expensive but the life of it makes it valuable.', {'entities': [(465, 475, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The refillable bottle collapsed on me (sucker in). So, I went out and bought a replacement bottle and guess what, it did it as well. I have all the extra attachments and hate to buy a new mop but I have to. I have wood floors and 2 dogs. Like I have money to throw around..Rubbermaid I am dissapointed in your product and makes me question your line.', {'entities': [(273, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best mop! It is so easy to use. The bottle is marked to show how much water how much cleaner you need to add. It doesn't use much cleaner at all. It is much cheaper to use than the old mop bucket. I now mop my kitchen floor every other day because it is so easy to use. I also bought another bottle pad to use on my hardwood floors. I have each marked so I know which one to choose from when I need it. The pads wash easily and go on the head easy too. This is a must have! Thanks Rubbermaid for making a mop that is easy cheap to use.", {'entities': [(493, 503, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Our home is mainly carpeted, with the exception of the kitchen and three bathrooms, all of which are mostly white linoleum. This linoleum is the textured, cheap kind that never really looks clean to me, and needs frequent cleaning. We used to use the other brand of spray mops, (the one with the disposable cleaning pads, batteries and expensive spray wash solution), but it never really cleaned the floors well, just sort of pushed a filmy line around, which I would have to stop, get a paper towel, bend over and wipe away, which is very difficult when my back pain flares up. Also, it was very expensive to have to keep buying the disposable pads, batteries and proprietary cleaner bottles. I was frustrated, but didn't want to have to pull out the mop and bucket every other day and mop I thought there has to be a better way... I found the better way when I found the Rubbermaid Reveal Mop system, and it works beautifully. I add my OWN cleaner to the bottle, put the WASHABLE mop head pad on, and spray as needed with the MANUAL spray TRIGGER! No more expensive pads, cleaner bottles or batteries to maintain this spray mop! The padded mop head is much more effective and cleaning and holding onto the debris than my previous brand of spray mops, very easy to use, much less expensive to maintain, and is a common sense cleaning tool in my cleaning supplies. Thank you, Rubbermaid, for making the Reveal Spray Mop! Maintaining my floors has never been easier!", {'entities': [(873, 883, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We bought this about a month ago. Did some minor research on it before buying and read that they made some changes on it. Everyone commented to get the New Model/Version. The easy way to tell if you are looking at a new version is if it has the scrubber on it. We purchased from the Rubbermaid site and it was delivered in 2 days! I also order 2 extra pads/covers as they are washable and this would allow us to always have a clean one available. One of our dogs slobbers everywhere after drinking and this has been a much better solution than a regular mop. I would highly recommend this product.', {'entities': [(283, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("this is the best mopping solution ever. The pad is wide and covers a larger area that others. It is even great for heavy duty floor cleaning. The ability to use your own floor cleaning solution is wonderful. The extra bottles that you can buy are an example of forward thinking and expand the multi-purpose use of the spray mop.. i have used the other wet mop solutions...they are ok but don't clean like this one. The ability to wash and reuse the pad is wonderful. Thanks Rubbermaid! I feel like you came to my home and designed this just for me. Obviously you've been listening to your customers!", {'entities': [(474, 484, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thank you, Rubbermaid, for listening to customers and improving your design! My two big issues with the previous model of this mop have been resolved. 1) The bottle no longer collapses on itself or leaks. The seal is secure. 2) The pole and base feel much more sturdy. It withstood full scrubbing pressure. The scrub top you added is genius. It worked so well. I also like the improvements made to the trigger. It feels stronger and doesn't catch. It's ready to go every time. And the actual spray feels wider and more controlled. I am so happy with the new version! This is a fantastic spray mop.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sent this new and improved model after my poor review of the previous version. This new model has corrected the previous versions flaws by using a fixed reinforced hinge and added features like the scrub pad. Unfortunately I had purchased another brand after the previous Rubbermaid had failed me. This new Rubbermaid has now replaced all others. I prefer it to others due to the large footprint and now added scrub pad. Thank you Rubbermaid for listening to your consumers and making it right! Now, if only it had a height adjustable handle for us taller guys to relieve back strain. Just a thought for the next revision down the road. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(278, 288, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My sister purchased a Reveal Spray Mop last year, and her myself (sister) love washing the floor now! Where as she always had a sponge mop which didn't clean VERY WELL, sponge mops leave streaks everywhere really pushs some of the dirt on floor, to the base of the wall. We love the way the system of the mop works, as well as being able to take the mop pad off after each use and throw the pad thru the washer and dryer. This is so much better! You start washing the floor with a clean pad every time you want to clean the floors. This is another great product made by Rubbermaid. You will be happy to own a Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop!", {'entities': [(570, 580, 'PRODUCT')]})
("When I first got this mop I didn't have time to use it! Now I regret it! I love this mop! I did a sloppy job of sweeping at first and had to go back and sweep the rest of the house better WOW!! This is great! I love the fact that you can use your own cleaning solution and not some pre-made company made solution. All the other mops' solutions left streaks on my floor with a sticky feeling. The Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop has a GREAT spray range too and doesn't over saturate the area at all! With three large dogs in the house as long as you pre-sweep very well this is a great mop for cleaning up! I cant wait to mop again!!", {'entities': [(396, 406, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Reveal Mop since it came out. With 4 dogs and 3 (now 5) cats, keeping the floor clean with the rival brand was just too expensive. I have more than one- kitchen, bathroom and upstairs. I like being able to buy multiple cleaning heads, including a microfiber dust mop one. I have had problems with the sprayer on a couple and the trigger doesn't always work correctly. I've had one that just didn't work at all. So when they offered to let me try out one of the new ones, I readily agreed. I noticed immediately that the new one did not have an adjustable hook to hang with. The one on the new one is static, which makes it difficult to hang it where I have it. (If you store the mop after using it so that the pad can dry, you can extend the use of it. Don't let it set on the floor while wet) The scrubber is good for small jobs but I tend to pull out my Rubbermaid Spray Scrubber for the tough spots. I don't feel that the handle on the Reveal can stand up to the scrubbing I need to give the tiles, and the scrubber isn't big enough for my needs all the time. I also have not found replacement scrubbers yet. Washing the heads is simple (no fabric softner and hang to dry) and keeping bottles of separate cleaning products is handy. I have been using it for a while, and have noticed that I am having trigger issues occasionally. Not enough to deter me though. The minor problems/issues that I have with the Reveal has not deterred me from buying one for our RV. All in all it's still a great product, although I suggest not pushing too hard on the handle. For me, Rubbermaid is still one of the best products out there and I look forward to new products when they come out. As a side note, I recently threw out the Rubbermaid Desk I had bought my daughter back when they first came out, 20 years or so ago. The legs fell apart, but I still have the top of it, that I use across tow saw horses when I'm replanting in my garden. Then I can just hose it off. There are not many companies out there that when I look around my home, can still find that I am using 20 or more years later. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(876, 886, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Just bought this. Love using my own solution, love the SIZE of the washable pad. Makes keeping my wood and vinyl floors so clean! I take the pad off of the unit and rinse it clean before moving onto a different type floor too... I've read some reviews that the handle broke or it didn't spray after several months or a year of working. I add up the cost of the swifter pads I use to buy and compare it to the value of buying this once maybe twice a year! Big deal! I am happy with the results and it is so fast with it's large pad!! Keeps me doing other things besides floors! Perhaps Rubbermaid will address some of the concerns and that would be the ultimate.. I'll keep using a product like this...", {'entities': [(585, 595, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Upon opening the box, the improvements were noticeable right away. The mop head was made more durable, the swivel joint was greatly improved, and the center body that holds the water container and the spray mechanism was made much more durable. I have 2000 sq, ft of hardwood flooring that i clean almost daily and needed a durable floor mop. We did purchase the earlier model, which i really liked, but, by my own fault, i broke it. I liked it so much, we got the newer version which i believe is the Reveal 1M15.() I immediately used this new mop and felt the difference in the quality of this product. Using it, you can feel the durability and ease of use. However, using the floor scrubbing pad that was added seems a bit awkward because you have to flip the mop head over, but, it did remove some stubborn spots without damaging the floor finish. All in all, i really like this new mop. I'm a retired toolmaker/machine repairman, and since my wife works, i clean the house :) Being a guy, I'm a little tougher on products when i use them. I have no vested interest in Rubbermaid, but i will commend any company that makes a quality product and Rubbermaid has made a perfect one, in my opinion. I would highly recommend the Reveal Spray Mop to any one and I have told several people already how much i liked it.", {'entities': [(1073, 1083, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just used my new Rubbermaid Reveal mop for the first time today. This mop ROCKS! It's stylish, sturdy, and easy to use. I love the smell of Pine Sol, so it's nice that consumers can choose their own preferred cleaning solution. I had no problems with the trigger sprayer with every squeeze of the handle the sprayer emitted a uniform spray of cleaning solution. The red mop head is thick and absorbent. The only caveat I have is that the mop 'stick' separated from the mop section twice (I was probably applying too much pressure, but it's something for Rubbermaid to look into for the next model). I think everyone should ditch their Swift-type mop and buy a Reveal mop!", {'entities': [(19, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Better than fantastic product!!! The mop head it self is much larger then the competition for faster cleaning. The fact you can make your own safe chemical free cleaning solution is perfect for someone like myself and everyone else out there that have small babies and toddlers. The kids are always in contact with floor surfaces so you don't have to worry about nasty residue from your cleaners getting on your children. Washable microfiber mop pad replacements genius! The sprayer is much more powerful and a wider spray path are fantastic as well. I also liked that to attach the pad you don't have to tuck it into tiny tabs that always come undone like a lot of the competitions do. Also very light weight and easy to direct. Well done Rubbermaid.", {'entities': [(740, 750, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have spent many hours and many dollars trying to find the perfect kitchen mop. I have tried The Shark, Bona mop (great product, terrible mop!) Quickie, Old Cedar and many others I can't even remember because the mop pad wouldn't stay on or because it was poorly constructed or poor material. I have a housefull of hardwood floors and kitchen and bath floors. This mop does it all! I have been telling everyone what a great mop it is, Thank you to Rubbermaid for doing the research to make a greart product. Thank you to Rubbermaid for it's integrity. And most of all thank you for choosing USA to make your products using American workers. Housewives need all the help they can get because after all they do 90 of the work in the home!", {'entities': [(449, 459, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A few months ago I purchased the Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop to replace my swiffer mop. I've had my swiffer for a few years and got really tired of having to buy the replacement cleaning solution bottles and pads. After using my new Rubbermaid mop the first time I realized how much dirt the Swiffer didn't clean and just pushed around and how much better my own cleaning solution cleaned than the swiffer bottles. My white linoleum kitchen floor is now clean and shiny again (not dull) and the mopping was effortless. This was by far the best thing I've bought recently. Thanks Rubbermaid my new reveal spray mop!!! It already has paid for itself since I bought it, not having to pay for the refills and will continue to save me money in the future!", {'entities': [(33, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have the previous Reveal Mop and now the new and improved mop. Rubbermaid has done a fabulous job by adding the scrubbing pad to the mop head for stubborn areas. Also, with my previous Reveal Mop, I had issues with the mop head snapping off. Rubbermaid has improved the area where the head sits on the base to not snap off now. The mop works for every day cleaning, spot mops even cleaning ceilings. The pivot motion is fab for easy maneuverability. The lightweight design is awesome for little ones to even help with cleaning duties. My favorite feature has always been the refillable bottle so I can use my own solution without having to purchase expensive floor cleaners. Also, the microfiber pads are washable! I highly recommend to everyone I know!', {'entities': [(65, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am 6'0 and have resigned myself to the fact that mops are short for me, so bending over to mop has been a way of life. And I have a 3 1/2 year old and 1 1/2 year old who stir up quite a mess in the kitchen on a daily basis. I'd gone to the store to purchase another brand similar to this one, but on seeing the Rubbermaid mop, I was intrigued. Pulling it off the shelf to find the handle hits me under my ribs, I was ecstatic. I brought it home and couldn't even finish mopping my floor because my kids wanted to do it! My 3 1/2 year old mopped all the floors in our house! It sprays enough (although a tad high-I just tilt it down a bit to spray), I can put in whatever solution I want, and I love that the pad it washable. I love mopping with this!", {'entities': [(313, 323, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this product seven weeks ago and I just love it. I was using a competing brand but found that I hated how wasteful throw away pads were and I was not really sure what chemicals I was putting into my home environment. When I saw this product I was so excited I bought it on the spot. I have extra pads which I just throw in with my cleaning rags and dish clothes when they get dirty. I love that I can make my homemade chemical free organic cleaning products with the liquid resevoir, and would like to buy a second one to put hardwood floor cleaning solution into. Which I am hoping to do as soon as I finish this review. I also love that there are no batteries required!!! This is a great green cleaning option. Thank you Rubbermaid for being environmentally conscious!!', {'entities': [(732, 742, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love the Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop. This mop took the place of 3 other mop that I use weekly. I had one dust mop, one hardwood mop, and one for tile. NOW I just need one and it is so light and easy. I just love it.', {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean homes for a living and I am thrilled with the Rubbermaid Reveal mop. I always despised the Swifter products because they are so flimsy and the pads do not stay on no matter how carefully I applied them. Also by the end of mopping the floor, the cleaning pad was nearly dry so I'd have to either replace the pad or go over part of the floor with a damp mop. I loved the sturdy feel of the mop when I picked it up at the store and the fact that I do not have to buy any expensive pads or product other than my favorite cleaners. After each use I run vinegar water through the system to keep everything unclogged and in good working order. After 2 months, I've bought extra bottles and pads for convenience. I recommend this product to anyone who is really a clean freak.", {'entities': [(54, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Rubbermaid you made my day and Joe's...now I can wash my floors whenever I feel like it without asking Joe to do it....KEEP UP GREAT WORK!!!! The others used sticky cleaners that irritate my asthma. I can use my OWN cleaners now and am having a great time......THANKS SO VERY MUCH!!!!", {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Just got my Reveal mop today and it works better then I had hoped. There is nothing enjoyable about washing floors so if this mop can make it as easy as it can be, then I say, Bravo Rubbermaid. My only suggestion is to have a rag available to wipe overspray from walls and cabinets.', {'entities': [(182, 192, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have always wanted a Swiffer Wet Jet, but did not like the chemicals in their cloths and cleaning products. With the Reveal, I can use vinegar and water, or any other eclogical, enviromentally responsible cleaning product. Thank you Rubbermaid for reading my mind and creating this great product!', {'entities': [(235, 245, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Do you love to go barefooted in your home If so, you want the Rubbermaid Reveal Spray mop. You can use what ever solution you want and, it dries fast. I tell you, your floor never felt so good to the soles of your bare feet! This mop actually makes mopping a joy. You will find yourself actually looking forward to mopping your floors and then just for fun, rubbing your bare feet on the floor just to feel how nice and clean it is!!! The Pad is washable so, no worries there. Just one point of importance. If you machine dry the pad, DO, NOT, USE, FABRIC, SOFTENER, SHEETS!!! This is because fabric softener sheets will eliminate the static charge that is used by the pad for it's pick up power. Can't beat this mop for sure. Run this mop over your floors, and, you'll enjoy going barefooted all over it (the floor that is)!!", {'entities': [(62, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I simply love the Rubbermaid Reveil! It's ease of use and the ability to wash the cloths is great! I love it because it is a great tool for whether you are just tidying up or deep cleaning. I will definitely recommend it to all my friends!", {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Rubbermaid Reveal! I have used many different products and absolutely hated washing the floors. Since buying this mop it's not such a chore anymore! I really love it and recommend it to many friends and family mbrs. :)", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a couple of boxes of Swiffer pads and a couple of Swiffer refills in my cart - and mental noted the amount I was spending. I walked up to the next isle and took a look at the Reveal products. The mop was on sale. I grabbed a second bottle and 2 more pads - I put the Swiffer products back because within two months there would have been a savings. I had really gotten sick of the overpowering Swiffer smell (which I used to love) and my floors that were often left with a residue. I first tried an all purpose cleanser I had on hand and instantly fell head over heals for the Reveal. It does take a little more elbow grease, but the pad cleans so well. Way less waste with the pads and bottles. The spray took getting used to - I angle it towards the floor when I am close to walls or furniture and my hand does get a bit of a workout - but no batteries! So much more environmentally friendly! If I want the floors to dry a little faster, I just add a bit of rubbing alcohol to the bottle. I do keep a rubber band around the bottle / handle - if it falls down the bottle can pop out. For quality, cost and environmental satisfaction I will never go back to the Swiffer! Thanks, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(1184, 1194, 'PRODUCT')]})
('OMG! This is the best product to hit the market in a long time! Way to go, Rubbermaid! The ease of this mop, the size of the pad makes me want to clean the floors! Unlike other systems with paper pads, the microfiber pad even gets in the grout of the tiled areas of my home without tearing or shredding the pad! I love this product--and if you ever need a spokeswoman, call me!', {'entities': [(75, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is my favorite Rubbermaid product. What I love most is that 1. I can use my own cleanser so no toxic stuff 2. The actual mop part is microfiber which is a master cleaning material because it sucks the dirt off my floors 3. It saves me money because the pads are washable and the the bottle is refillable. 4. No messy bucket, and 5. No batteries! Good for the environment, good for my health, good for my pocketbook - it is a win win win!', {'entities': [(20, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I hosted a Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop Party this past weekend and all I can say is it beat out the other mop types by a landslide. My guests were so amazed at how simple it was to operate no batteries were needed to spray, you could create your own solutions in your favorite smells and type of cleaning power and didn't have to mop the same area over and over again. Rubbermaid what took you so long to create a better and less expensive way to handle the everyday bothersome duties we have to do to keep everything smelling fresh and tidy, my guests were so pleased they can't wait to purchase one for themselves, they are quite jealous of me that I already have one, they have been teasing me that they want to borrow it, I know if I lend it out I will never see my new Reveal again. My floors have never been happier. Thank you again for a great product.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband bought me my Rubbermaid Reveal the other day and I just used it. The ease of this product is unbelievable! Load your favorite cleaner in the bottle, along with a little hot water and snap the bottle down in the base, hit the trigger a few times to get the sprayer going and WHAM! Your good to go. It's easy to use, gets in tight spaces and a huge water saver. Would I recommend this product Absolutely. You wash the pads... No having to buy special pads or cleaner. I love it.", {'entities': [(24, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I replaced my Swiffer Wet Jet with the Reveal because I was tired of having to constantly buy the cleaning pads and solution - and having the guilt of throwing them all in the trash. The reveal cleaned my floors in record time thanks to the extra large microfiber cloth, and I was happy to be able to use my own natural floor cleaner in the refillable tank. The foam handle is large and comfortable to use and made very quick work of cleaning my hardwood floors. Thank you, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(474, 484, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutely LOOOOOVE this mop. It has cut my mopping time down to a 1/3 of what it used to take me. I love I can mix solution in the bottle instead of carrying a mop bucket around the house with me. I also have carpal tunnel in my right hand it has eased my pain since I no longer have to ring out a mop any longer. And the fact that it's washable means I no longer have to search for replacements just to find the mop I had no longer exists. Great job Rubbermaid!!!", {'entities': [(454, 464, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product has saved me a lot of pain....literally. I no longer have to shrub so hard to clean my new laminate flooring. Nor do I end up with a streaked mess. I use the floor cleaning solution recommended by the flooring manufacturer and the before and after is unbelievable using the Reveal Spray Mop. Thanks Rubbermaid and my husband for bringing this home!', {'entities': [(312, 322, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best! You can make your own floor cleaning solution, wash the floor pads NO BATTERIES. Swiffer had a great idea but Rubbermaid has made it better. Also, the mop floor base is bigger swivels in all directions. Kudos Rubbermaid. I'd suggest buy one extra bottle floor pad just to have on hand with different solutions.", {'entities': [(128, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I wish I would have found the Rubbermaid Revel sooner! I have lower back pain and this helps me be able to mop my floor with ease! No lugging a bucket around, no special cleaning products to buy! I just use whatever solution I wish and clean my floors so easily! Love it so much, I bought it as gifts for other friends!', {'entities': [(30, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have laminated floors and am always looking for easy ways to keep them clean since I have small grandchildren. I finally found something I really love! The Reveal System allows me to use my favorite cleaner easily, has washable pads and is not bulky. I LOVED this for the first few weeks (and here is the one and only con .... until the sprayer stopped working. That made me very sad! I paid 20 something for this item and know and trust Rubbermaid products, so hoped it would last a while. Well, I love the mop system so much, I just use a bottle sprayer and make the best of it. Would I buy it again Definitely!', {'entities': [(440, 450, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have had my Rubbermaid Reveal mop for a year or more. I absolutely love this mop. I use it weekly. My bottle has a vinegar and water mixture. I take the bottle off when the mop is not in use. If I have small spills, I use the mop without the bottle. I have washed the pad weekly after use and I purchased a spare pad. I have not had any problems with the trigger. If, and when I do, I will purchase another Rubbermaid Reveal. I have told friends and family what a great mop this is.', {'entities': [(14, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You're going to think I work for Rubbermaid -- I don't -- Just a NC stay-at-home mom who USED to be a Swiffer Wet Jet lover. This mop is WAY better -- stronger, better spray, and much more economical!! So my mop stopped spraying properly after 5 weeks ....It would do one spray and then take about 5 minutes to be able to spray again. I realized that I had used a wood floor cleaner that was too greasy -- I think I clogged the line somehow. I took the bottle off, sprayed the red screw on lid with 409 de-greaser and soaked it in a cup of hot water for just a minute...then ran it under hot water. Then I stuck the mop in the sink, sprayed it with some 409 cleaner and then ran hot water directly onto to where the bottle attaches....I repeatedly squeezed the spray handle and NOW IT WORKS LIKE IT'S BRAND NEW AGAIN!! Good luck with this EASY FIX -- and DON'T USE ANY HARD WOOD FLOOR CLEANERS WITH OIL IN THIS MOP.", {'entities': [(33, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop was definitley more faboulous then what I'd initially expected. Rubbermaid has certainly developed another quality item. This spray mop truely exceeds in terms of appearance, durability, quality, and ease of use then their other competitors products currently on the market. The long, ergonomic handle saves on the back. I only wish the pad around the pole was easier to adjust to individuals comfort level. I also love the Reveal's larger sweeper surface because it cleans more area in one swipe (getting the job done quickier.) Even though the Reveal has a larger sweeper base, it still turns on a dime.I only wish I could parallel park as good as this Rubbermaid Reveal Sweep Mop swivels between the sink, tub, and commode. It even glides under our doors with easy. If you order though this side, you'll receive an extra pad and bottle. Can't beat that.", {'entities': [(4, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Reveal spray mop is the Best ! I love how strong it's made - very easy to handle and manuver as you clean the floor ! You never have to purchase cleaner or those flimsy cloths ! The pads are made to last for a long time, attach really well to the mop (they don't come off in the middle of cleaning) and , when done into the wash they go ! They clean beautifully, and ready for the next time. I simply cannot say enough about how I love this mop ! Excellent designing-- comfortable and functions very well, not to downplay the stylish look it has to boot! Bravo Rubbermaid !", {'entities': [(561, 571, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was a die-hard Swiffer user, and since I have a cleaning business, I was spending a fortune on their products, and batteries to maintain them. Even with rechargable batteries, I was forced to keep backup batteries when I lost power suddenly. I was also getting frustratred with the fact that Swiffer made the unfortunate decisicion that all of their products had to had Febreeze added to them. I am prone to migraines, and so are a couple of my clients, and getting around the overpowering Febreeze was a real issue for me. I was so excited to come across the Rubbermaid mop, and my friend was at my house when I used it for the first time. We were both tickled beyond words. I was telling everyone I knew about it. I don't even care if my floors get dirty now, (and I have a lot of hardwoods and tile), because your mop cuts my cleaning time substantially over the Swiffer. I love not having the streaks!", {'entities': [(562, 572, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean houses and it made all of the people I clean for buy one of these mobs and have been extremely satisfied. Because I can put whatever solution I want in the bottle to clean whatever type of floor. I've actually laughed because I have sold so many of them I ought to get a commission from Rubbermaid haha The spray problem I believe is like a bubble burb for the mop, wait just a moment and handle lever will pop back. Never had a leak issue.. I do remove bottle to store separately to preserve bottle washer.", {'entities': [(295, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this product because my sister said it was awesome, and she was right. We recently purchased a home that has approx. 2,000 of hardwood flooring. I was a little nervous about how to clean such a large wood floor, but then my sister recommended Rubbermaid Reveal. I bought one at Home Depot and put Pledge 4-in-1 Wood Cleaner in it. I was astonished at how easy it was to clean my floor, and how spectacular it looked/looks when I was finished. YEH! Great product, great price. Thanks for making my life a whole lot easier.', {'entities': [(252, 262, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was so excited when I learned about the new Rubbermaid Reveal mop! I ordered one right away and couldn't wait for it to arrive! It was exactly what I had been looking for. I was tired of wasting money on bottles of cleaner and disposable pads, not to mention being concerned about chemicals around my children and pets. I love the fact that the pads are washable and reusable! No more throwing away pads that can only be used once. The dispensing bottle is also perfect for the homemade cleaners I have been making for my family! And it doesn't use batteries, one more money saving feature! Everything about this mop is better than any mop I have ever used. It has a larger mop head that covers more area, it has a taller pole, which will help my very tall husband and it has a sturdier construction than other mops on the market. Thank you Rubbermaid for a great product! I have already recommended this to just about everyone I know!", {'entities': [(46, 56, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used the Swifter mop for pet mess and foot print cleanup on my tile floors between regular cleanings, and it was fine. However this is AWESOME! NO batteries required, and I can make my own solution. I have two mops, one for pet cleanups and one for regular cleanups like scuff marks, etc due to making my own solution for pet urine elimination and one for general use. Swifter solution left a residue on my tile. My own solution doesn't. Bigger mop area on the Rubbermaid as well! Greener for the environment. I bought extra pads to use as needed. I had wished Swifter had created a mop like this! Rubbermaid beat them to it! LOVE this mop!", {'entities': [(463, 473, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I saw a commercial for this product in November 2010 and knew I would love it.It was not available in Canda yet,but we were in the States early December and I purchased the Reveal mop. It does everything it says it does.I love that I can make my own cleaning solutions,don't have to keep on buying a cleaning product as with the Swifter Wet-Jet.I love that there are washable,removable cleaning pads,so you also don't have to buy replacement pads that you throw in the garbage. I love that there are no batteries to replace.It leaves my hardwood floors streak free unlike my other mop.Also works great on tiled ceramic floors.It really gets the job done,is light weight and so easy to use.I have recommended this product to all my friends.I have not found anything that I don't like about the Reveal mop.Thank-you Rubbermaid for inventing a great product that saves us money,makes cleaning easier and also helps the environment!", {'entities': [(814, 824, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased the Reveal Mop and I used it for the first time today. I read about 10 reviews before starting. I am a trust but verify gal with this sort of thing. The reviews guided me to be patient with first use. First I filled the bottle (which is the only prep needed yay!) No batteries not 6 or 7 pieces etc. So I filled the bottle 3/4 full and put it in place. I then pumped 15 times. (As 5-10x was recommended by a Rubbermaid CSR to other customers) No solution came out so I removed the bottle and there was a small amount of solution there so I put the bottle back and pushed it down firmly. I then held my Reveal Mop 100 Vertical while I primed it, after examining the anatomy of the mop this provided the best gravity and force behind the solution. It took 30 pumps (yes, I counted) and whoosh! Each pump thereafter gave a good stream of my solution. When starting out I sprayed about 5 times and ran the mop over it to kind of wet the microfiber cloth. The rest of the floor is now sparkling! I hope this helps others and also Rubbermaid.', {'entities': [(420, 430, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The mop is easy to use. I use(d) vinegar and water in the container and it did a great job. The scrub head went in the washer - convenient. Easy to store in my laundry room. However, the design to attach the handle to the mop head is flawed as it snap apart easily, or breaks altogether as mine did today. What would normally get a five-star rating is not up to par. I hope Rubbermaid improves on the durability - it's a potentially great product.", {'entities': [(374, 384, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using a swiffer wet jet for years now and have always been frustrated with having to purchase product specific pads and cleaning solutions, not to mention batteries for the spray action to work. Such a waste of money and they are NOT cheap! When I heard about the new rubbermaid reveal coming out I was very excited about the concept of the reusable microfiber pad and refillable bottle. I recently purchased one and my satisfaction goes beyond just those benefits! The cleaning is amazing, it cleans about 25 more surface area than the swiffer which is fantastic when you are covering large areas, a real time saver! I already have seperate pads and labeled bottles for my tile and wood floors. Just a quick change out and both floors are done! Now I can donate my expensive to use swiffer and wood floor mop and just use my reveal! Less clutter, more efficient and better for the environment my pocket book, what more could you ask for Thanks Rubbermaid!!!', {'entities': [(957, 967, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After trying many ways to clean my wood laminate floor, I finally figured the only way to get it clean was with a microfiber cloth on my hands and knees. That did work but took me over an hour. I ask my son to get me the Rubbermaid Reveal mop for Christmas. No, he was not buying me a mop for Christmas. So I bought It for myself, figured if it was a disappoint me like everything else I have tried, I would just return it. Well I have to say this is the answer to cleaning wood laminate floors. It sprays out a very fine mist of water that cleans and evaporates almost instantly. It is ready to go at any time. I need to find a way to hang it so the wet cloth does not sit on the floor, for now I put a plastic grocery bag under it. You will have to be sure to order extra microfiber cloths because once they get dirty, they streak. I just ordered 2 more for mine. I really don't think you could find anything that does the job on your wood laminate floor better than this. It is not great about getting up some stains, so I carry a cloth with me and just rub them out and then run the mop over them. I am very satisfied with this mop.", {'entities': [(221, 231, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean houses. 3 of them are 2 story, historical homes with all wood floors. 2 of these customers already had a Reveal mop and the 3rd I'm trying to find one now for her. Her mop was accidentally thrown out and she asked me to recommend one for her. Needless to say, I love this product. I've used a Reveal in one house, once a week for a little over a year now. The other house, every 2 weeks for 6 months. The one I've used the longest just broke in the place everyone else's has. I figure it had its run. I was hard on it. ) The only time I've had spray bottle problems is when I've tried to use a thicker cleaning product. I mostly just use vinegar and water though. My customer who's trying to replace her mop says she couldn't find the reveal in the stores she looked. So now I'm looking. And I'm looking for two if them. Nothing I've seen in the stores so far looks as good as the Reveal. The noticeable difference for me is the size and durability of the cleaning pad. I don't want to order online but I think I can probably find them. Hope so. It'll be a good thing to get brand new ones before they're extinct! Thank you Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(1132, 1142, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is the best mop I've ever used, and I've tried them all! Swiffer was pretty good until they changed their pad design, but it was so expensive to keep buying refills. I felt like I had to ration out my mopping. And the pads were so wastefull. With the Reveal, I can mop all I want to, and with 2 kids, 2 dogs, and a white floor, that's a lot! With several similar mops now on the market, I chose Rubbermaid because it is a brand I grew up with and trust. This is a sturdy mop , and the quality I expected, at an affordable price. The microfiber pad works better than any sponge, string mop, or Magic Eraser mop. By the way, I invented a similar mop. I had a microfiber mop, and added a spray bottle to the handle with duct tape. I'm so glad someone read my mind and marketed this mop as it works better than my design! Many thanks!!!", {'entities': [(400, 410, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was a mop and toss gal till I experienced the Rubbermaid Reveal. I never knew mopping could be so simple and I could save so much money by making the switch. Honestly I am a mom of four all under the age of 6. Every downstairs room is hardwood or laminate. The master bedroom and bathroom upstairs are also laminate and vinyl. So as you can imagine I mop twice a week every week. When using the toss away refills I would go through one a room. Now when you think one a room times seven room and then 2 times a week equals 14 wet cloth refills a week. If we had lots of rain or the kids were playing sports I could go through double that too. Now with the Rubbermaid Reveal I fill the bottles with my cleaning solutions (one for hardwood and one for the laminate) then off we go. The Rubbermaid Reveal will save my family over 100 this year alone by not having to purchase additional cloths. The microfiber towels work very well. My floors are cleaner than ever before. They offer a larger surface so I can get more of the job done in one swipe. I also love that I can wash them and hang to dry.', {'entities': [(48, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using the Rubbermaid Reveal for a few days now and absolutely love it. Easy to use and I get to put my own cleaner in the refillable bottle! I can stop wasting money on other spray mops now. This comes with washable microfiber cloths as well. Cleans great, perfect for touch up messes, and is durable. Thank you so much Rubbermaid for making this! Highly recommend!', {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you for letting me host a Rubbermaid Reveal mop party for a few reasons. My guest and I had so much fun cleanning my floor during Battle of the mops. We had a Reveal mop, pledge grab it mop and a swiffer wet jet mop and the reveal won hands down against the others. We loved the quality of the Reveal, the thick reusable / washable pads. We loved the solutions suggested and for me the mild one with vinager and liquid soap was great as far as not having chemicals to trigger my asthama. I know for a fact all of my guest have already or will be purchasing the Reveal mop. Thanks Rubbermaid!!!!', {'entities': [(32, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I just recently purchased my Reveal Mop from Rubbermaid. I absolutely love this product! I was so tired of having to buy pads and solution for my Swiffer all the time not to mention the remaining film or residue it constantly left behind. I was so tired of it that my Swiffer has been hanging in the back of the closet for the last several months and I have been cleaning my floors on my hands and knees. Not fun. The only improvement I can recommend so far is that I wish it had a rubber end on it so I can rest the end against a wall when I need to without it scraping the wall and paint as the handle end/pole falls to the floor. Overall I am very pleased with my purchase. I love that you can choose your own preferred cleaners to use. I love the washable mop pads, I recommend buying 2 to have as back-ups. The pole is sturdy enough to put a little weight into it to really scrub something if you need to. And I love it does not need batteries of any kind! Thank you for such a great product!', {'entities': [(45, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I wish I would have found the Rubbermaid Revel sooner! I have lower back pain and this helps me be able to mop my floor with ease! No lugging a bucket around, no special cleaning products to buy! I just use whatever solution I wish and clean my floors so easily! Love it so much, I bought it as gifts for other friends!', {'entities': [(30, 40, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was sent this new and improved model after my poor review of the previous version. This new model has corrected the previous versions flaws by using a fixed reinforced hinge and added features like the scrub pad. Unfortunately I had purchased another brand after the previous Rubbermaid had failed me. This new Rubbermaid has now replaced all others. I prefer it to others due to the large footprint and now added scrub pad. Thank you Rubbermaid for listening to your consumers and making it right! Now, if only it had a height adjustable handle for us taller guys to relieve back strain. Just a thought for the next revision down the road.', {'entities': [(278, 288, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using the Reveal Mop since it came out. With 4 dogs and 3 (now 5) cats, keeping the floor clean with the rival brand was just too expensive. I have more than one- kitchen, bathroom and upstairs. I like being able to buy multiple cleaning heads, including a microfiber dust mop one. I have had problems with the sprayer on a couple and the trigger doesn't always work correctly. I've had one that just didn't work at all. So when they offered to let me try out one of the new ones, I readily agreed. I noticed immediately that the new one did not have an adjustable hook to hang with. The one on the new one is static, which makes it difficult to hang it where I have it. (If you store the mop after using it so that the pad can dry, you can extend the use of it. Don't let it set on the floor while wet) The scrubber is good for small jobs but I tend to pull out my Rubbermaid Spray Scrubber for the tough spots. I don't feel that the handle on the Reveal can stand up to the scrubbing I need to give the tiles, and the scrubber isn't big enough for my needs all the time. I also have not found replacement scrubbers yet. Washing the heads is simple (no fabric softner and hang to dry) and keeping bottles of separate cleaning products is handy. I have been using it for a while, and have noticed that I am having trigger issues occasionally. Not enough to deter me though. The minor problems/issues that I have with the Reveal has not deterred me from buying one for our RV. All in all it's still a great product, although I suggest not pushing too hard on the handle. For me, Rubbermaid is still one of the best products out there and I look forward to new products when they come out. As a side note, I recently threw out the Rubbermaid Desk I had bought my daughter back when they first came out, 20 years or so ago. The legs fell apart, but I still have the top of it, that I use across tow saw horses when I'm replanting in my garden. Then I can just hose it off. There are not many companies out there that when I look around my home, can still find that I am using 20 or more years later.", {'entities': [(876, 886, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Over all I give the New and Improved Rubbermaid Reveal Spray Mop a big thumbs up. The money saving factors alone such as the machine washable mop head, mixing your own mopping solution, non-battery operated spray trigger. I also really liked the over-sized microfiber mop head and the non-scratch scouring pad. All at a great value.', {'entities': [(37, 47, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thank you so much for responding to my problem with my first Reveal spray mop. I have since received the new and improved one and it has worked wonderfully for me. I have used it several times and it does seem to be more sturdy than the original one. I will keep mopping away and update my review if needed. Thank you again, Rubbermaid!', {'entities': [(325, 335, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have the previous Reveal Mop and now the new and improved mop. Rubbermaid has done a fabulous job by adding the scrubbing pad to the mop head for stubborn areas. Also, with my previous Reveal Mop, I had issues with the mop head snapping off. Rubbermaid has improved the area where the head sits on the base to not snap off now. The mop works for every day cleaning, spot mops even cleaning ceilings. The pivot motion is fab for easy maneuverability. The lightweight design is awesome for little ones to even help with cleaning duties. My favorite feature has always been the refillable bottle so I can use my own solution without having to purchase expensive floor cleaners. Also, the microfiber pads are washable! I highly recommend to everyone I know!', {'entities': [(65, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the new improved model of this mop based on the feedback I provided about a year ago on the mop. I am so pleased with the new model so far. The handle is more comfortable, easier to grip when using and overall seems lighter a more natural length shape It was the first thing I noticed when I received this updated version. I like the scrub pad feature and the new silicone loop to hang the mop. Nice improvement from the cheaper looking metal loop. I think the trigger spray feature is working better, as well. I had two old mops that died after only a couple of months of use - the trigger stopped connecting to the bottle to spray. So far, no issues with weak spraying or the trigger getting tired when in use. I use this to mop hardwood floors and my tile bathroom floors, so usage is about once per week. The new model is working like a charm. So much less expensive less messy than traditional mops or the Swiffer products. I love having control of what products I am cleaning with and limiting the use of chemicals - better for me, better for the environment better for my wallet long-term. I don't put the pad in the dryer, just as I don't with any of my microfiber cloths. I do have two bottles two pads for the two types of cleaners I make and use. I love this product, really appreciate the updated features and design of this mop and am overly impressed with the level of service Rubbermaid provided regarding my previous comments on this product. Highly recommend this product as an alternative to other forms of mopping and definitely as an alternative to the mops with all the chemicals and expensive pre-moistened pads.", {'entities': [(1402, 1412, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Thank you, Rubbermaid, for listening to customers and improving your design! My two big issues with the previous model of this mop have been resolved. 1) The bottle no longer collapses on itself or leaks. The seal is secure. 2) The pole and base feel much more sturdy. It withstood full scrubbing pressure. The scrub top you added is genius. It worked so well. I also like the improvements made to the trigger. It feels stronger and doesn't catch. It's ready to go every time. And the actual spray feels wider and more controlled. I am so happy with the new version! This is a fantastic spray mop.", {'entities': [(11, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Upon opening the box, the improvements were noticeable right away. The mop head was made more durable, the swivel joint was greatly improved, and the center body that holds the water container and the spray mechanism was made much more durable. I have 2000 sq, ft of hardwood flooring that i clean almost daily and needed a durable floor mop. We did purchase the earlier model, which i really liked, but, by my own fault, i broke it. I liked it so much, we got the newer version which i believe is the Reveal 1M15.() I immediately used this new mop and felt the difference in the quality of this product. Using it, you can feel the durability and ease of use. However, using the floor scrubbing pad that was added seems a bit awkward because you have to flip the mop head over, but, it did remove some stubborn spots without damaging the floor finish. All in all, i really like this new mop. I'm a retired toolmaker/machine repairman, and since my wife works, i clean the house :) Being a guy, I'm a little tougher on products when i use them. I have no vested interest in Rubbermaid, but i will commend any company that makes a quality product and Rubbermaid has made a perfect one, in my opinion. I would highly recommend the Reveal Spray Mop to any one and I have told several people already how much i liked it.", {'entities': [(1073, 1083, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When my previous mop was clogged, I replaced it with this new Rubbermaid. Immediately I set to work, to give it a try and was delightfully surprised by the latest improvements. The spray area is much larger. The handy pull tab allows for easier removal for washing it. I am very pleased overall!', {'entities': [(62, 72, 'PRODUCT')]})
('love this sturdy mop. Effective, green and user friendly. After about 6 years of nearly everyday use, the connection near the head has broken off rendering it useless. Because of the time its performed so well, I still would recommend. Never had spray, bottle or use issues. Loved the size of the mophead and the way you could save the pad for reuse. They washed well. Also the fact you can use your own cleaner. Used it at a business as well as my home. Excellent Rubbermaid quality and I will replace it. Wish it wasnt so expensive but the life of it makes it valuable.', {'entities': [(465, 475, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this mop about 8 - 9 months ago. I was very pleased with the mop -- I liked that I could make my own solutions and the fact that the mopping pad was reusable. BUT, it recently stopped spraying and I have since found that this is very common. I generally find Rubbermaid items to be of quality but because of this, I will not buy another Reveal mop.', {'entities': [(268, 278, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought this product seven weeks ago and I just love it. I was using a competing brand but found that I hated how wasteful throw away pads were and I was not really sure what chemicals I was putting into my home environment. When I saw this product I was so excited I bought it on the spot. I have extra pads which I just throw in with my cleaning rags and dish clothes when they get dirty. I love that I can make my homemade chemical free organic cleaning products with the liquid resevoir, and would like to buy a second one to put hardwood floor cleaning solution into. Which I am hoping to do as soon as I finish this review. I also love that there are no batteries required!!! This is a great green cleaning option. Thank you Rubbermaid for being environmentally conscious!!', {'entities': [(732, 742, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received this a gift and have since purchased and additional unit. With the refillable cartridge, this mop allows you to choose your preferred cleaning solution (e.g. Pledge, Mr. Clean, Bona, home-made, etc.) instead of getting locked into one product line (like Swiffer). It flexes and fits easily around tight corners. I even use it to clean all-tile walls in my master bath. Thanks, Rubbermaid, for a great product!', {'entities': [(388, 398, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We bought this about a month ago. Did some minor research on it before buying and read that they made some changes on it. Everyone commented to get the New Model/Version. The easy way to tell if you are looking at a new version is if it has the scrubber on it. We purchased from the Rubbermaid site and it was delivered in 2 days! I also order 2 extra pads/covers as they are washable and this would allow us to always have a clean one available. One of our dogs slobbers everywhere after drinking and this has been a much better solution than a regular mop. I would highly recommend this product.', {'entities': [(283, 293, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I clean houses. 3 of them are 2 story, historical homes with all wood floors. 2 of these customers already had a Reveal mop and the 3rd I'm trying to find one now for her. Her mop was accidentally thrown out and she asked me to recommend one for her. Needless to say, I love this product. I've used a Reveal in one house, once a week for a little over a year now. The other house, every 2 weeks for 6 months. The one I've used the longest just broke in the place everyone else's has. I figure it had its run. I was hard on it. ) The only time I've had spray bottle problems is when I've tried to use a thicker cleaning product. I mostly just use vinegar and water though. My customer who's trying to replace her mop says she couldn't find the reveal in the stores she looked. So now I'm looking. And I'm looking for two if them. Nothing I've seen in the stores so far looks as good as the Reveal. The noticeable difference for me is the size and durability of the cleaning pad. I don't want to order online but I think I can probably find them. Hope so. It'll be a good thing to get brand new ones before they're extinct! Thank you Rubbermaid!", {'entities': [(1132, 1142, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased this mop when it first appeared at our local grocery store and have been using it ever since. What a wonderful product!! The handle never breaks or cracks with use, as does the swifter mop. It is sturdy, designed to fit into corners, keeps the dust and dirt attached to the mop head, in case you missed dust when vaccuuming, and washes easily in the washer!! I am able to change the liquid to any solution I like without worrying about ruining the spray system. I bought one for each of my siblings and they fell in love with this mop also. Kudos to Rubbermaid !!!', {'entities': [(562, 572, 'PRODUCT')]})
("You're going to think I work for Rubbermaid -- I don't -- Just a NC stay-at-home mom who USED to be a Swiffer Wet Jet lover. This mop is WAY better -- stronger, better spray, and much more economical!! So my mop stopped spraying properly after 5 weeks ....It would do one spray and then take about 5 minutes to be able to spray again. I realized that I had used a wood floor cleaner that was too greasy -- I think I clogged the line somehow. I took the bottle off, sprayed the red screw on lid with 409 de-greaser and soaked it in a cup of hot water for just a minute...then ran it under hot water. Then I stuck the mop in the sink, sprayed it with some 409 cleaner and then ran hot water directly onto to where the bottle attaches....I repeatedly squeezed the spray handle and NOW IT WORKS LIKE IT'S BRAND NEW AGAIN!! Good luck with this EASY FIX -- and DON'T USE ANY HARD WOOD FLOOR CLEANERS WITH OIL IN THIS MOP.", {'entities': [(33, 43, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A delicious, quick GF cornbread mix. Very moist with a touch of sweet honey. I am gluten-intolerant and appreciate finding products that still have great texture and flavor. Krusteaz does not disappoint! Even my fam who does not need GF gobble these up!', {'entities': [(174, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Neato Robotics make the best robot vacuums. These need to be replaced every so often. And they work', {'entities': [(0, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Wish-Bone Greek Vinaigrette Dressing is light and fresh tasting! I wish every restaurant offered it!', {'entities': [(0, 9, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So I just have to put it out there as a disclaimer that I received a free bottle of this to test. That being said, I think this product is awesome! I despise taking my delicates and synthetic sweaters to the dry cleaners because they always come back stiff as a board and smell awful. Not to mention, I like to stay as eco-friendly as possible which dry cleaners are not. Not only did The Laundress wash leave my clothes soft and wonderful to wear, but they smell great too! I was a bit nervous that I would ruin my delicates by washing on my own. But I was pleasantly surprised that they clothes came out better than they went in! It's not quite as convenient as dropping off to the dry cleaners, but there is a convenience in not having to leave the house as well :) In my humble opinion, it's well worth the extra effort and it's so much better for the environment. All in all, I would definitely recommend this product to anyone.", {'entities': [(385, 398, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Product: The Laundress Delicate Wash 16oz. I received a sample in exchange for my honest review. I was able to use this product on my delicate wash items such as brassieres, unndies, shapers and pantyhose I have to share that I was impressed with the performance of this product. The label states that it is highly concentrated and requires use of only 4 small capfuls to clean an small to average sized load. It is also compatible with my HE washer, which I used on delicate cycle. Overall, I loved the wash and will actually purchase it in the future as it is safe for I feel for even dry cleanables as the bottle states.', {'entities': [(9, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased 2 of the Uttermost mirrors for my renovated bath. The overall appearance and quality is excellent. I would highly recommend this mirror.', {'entities': [(21, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As I use this creamer in my coffee, I like that I can get these to use when I am traveling. International Delight has much better flavor than their competitors . Very few restaurants carry the Hazelnut flavor, so I am very pleased that these are available.', {'entities': [(92, 113, 'PRODUCT')]})
('International Delight Creamers are great tasting for your coffee, capichino Etc. ! It boosts you up the price is good, just on does a whole lot. Also a reputable Comp.', {'entities': [(0, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently tried and liked Juice Beauty Blemish Clearing Mask, 2 fl. oz. so I was very curious to try this product. First, it is worth noting that this is sunscreen, not just lotion that happens to have SPF in it. I say this because the name initially threw me off since it is called moisturizer and not sunscreen. But from reading the packing and applying it is definitely sunscreen. I say this because I regularly buy both and while lotion with SPF is my go-to on a day to day basis it's usually not waterproof enough or applied in a large enough quantity to provide adequate protection if you're wearing a bathing suit.First, I'll start with what I like about the product. I like that it is waterproof for 80 minutes. I also like that it is natural.That said, I'm not sure this product is meant for my needs. First, it has a very pungent smell. Admittedly, I tend to be sensitive to smells so if you are not, you may find yourself less bothered by the scent. But I had my boyfriend, who is less sensitive to smells than I am, try it and he too found the smell strong and unpleasant. It reminded me a lot of household cleaner, which I wasn't expecting since the other Juice Beauty product I've used has no scent at all. It also seems to sting my sensitive skin a bit. I wasn't expecting that because again, I've really liked the other Juice Beauty product I tried.It's also quite thick. I got this with the intention of using it on my face, but it feels too heavy. It also gives no indication of whether it is appropriate for acne prone skin so I'm a bit nervous it could clog my pores. Because of that, it seems more appropriate for my body, though functionally I have an easier time applying sunscreen with a spray.Based on my experience, this just isn't the sunscreen for me. While it's not natural, I've been much happier with Neutrogena Clear Face Break Out Free Liquid Lotion Sunscreen SPF 55 - 3 oz (Pack of 2).", {'entities': [(27, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The word moisturizer seems a bit misleading here. While I absolutely love Juice Beauty (I use their face-wash, eye creme, moisturizer, everything!), this is a rare miss (for me). It is WAY too thick and awkward. I am hyper-vigilant about applying sunscreen before a run or a bike-ride. I've used more brands than I can even catalog. Nonetheless, this would come somewhere around the lower-middle of the list for its messiness, difficulty of application, and odor. Likewise, the bottle is pretty small. So, if you are like me and apply this to your arms, legs, and face, you may find yourself being a little disappointed at how quickly the tube disappears.The organic/natural angle had me hopeful. We have been very focused on organic/natural health and beauty products for the last two years. But, this one did not quite make the grade.Still a Juice Beauty fan though!", {'entities': [(74, 86, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As I write this in November in the Midwest, I can't really speak to the sunscreen performance of this Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Sunscreen. I'll take the manufacturer at their word that it will perform as an SPF 30 protectant.Claims, including reviewers ravings, of wonderful organic fundamentals notwithstanding . . . the product derives it sun screening protection from good old zinc oxide (20), just like nearly all the other sunscreen creams, lotions, and sprays. The organic/mineral/natural marketing milieu regards only the carrier crme which likely does have beneficial moisturizing and rejuvenating properties. The tube indicates that this is Certified Organic.How do I like it As I said, I assume it does provide SPF 30 protection. The 3.75 oz tube is a convenient take along size which I prefer to the harder to carrier jumbo tubes and bottles offered elsewhere. Directions advise to shake before using. Do that.The crme is skin toned (Caucasian anyway). Helps prevent that white look, but can also stain white clothing. Odor is interesting. Not that familiar coconut tropical odor you get poolside on the cruise ship (which I like, by the way). This is more an earthy scent with a hint of citrus. Not disagreeable, but very different from the herd.I don't care for the texture of the residue after application. It feels like a powder which was suspended in grease. It hangs around -- not powdery, not greasy . . . or maybe it's both. Either way, it's annoying and seems to not want to go away. On the upside, it does indeed seem to moisturize and nourish the skin. And it does not wash off easily.In summary, an effective zinc oxide sunscreen that is different from the pack. Organic ingredients. Earthy scent. Annoying texture. Moisturizes effectively.", {'entities': [(102, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This is some kind of sunscreen/moisturizer hybrid from Juice Beauty.The scent's nice and doesn't linger. Product is thick and goes on OK. It's just for the price, you really good do a lot better!", {'entities': [(55, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I had different expectations for Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer that what it turned out to be. II was expecting something like cera ve, perfect to renew swimmers' skin from the ravages of chlorine. Instead it is a high end sunscreen which does provide a good barrier to the water for about an hour or so. For me as a facial sunscreen it is just too thick, and I do prefer a spray for my body. Your needs may be different, and if you need a rich, waterproof, pleasant smelling zinc oxide based cream this could work for you", {'entities': [(33, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As background, I am a fair skinned middle aged woman. I always use sunscreen on my face and neck and during the summer I also use it on my arms, hands and legs. Whenever I see my dermatologist, he says how youthful the skin on my face looks, which is nice, but all I can think is that if anyone wants to know how old I am, all they have to do is look at my hands. Keeping sunscreen on your hands year round can help prevent those nasty age spots and discoloration -- if only I had known. This Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer will do the job for you. I liked the fact that it was thick, but was less thrilled that it felt dry going on. The active ingredient in this sunscreen is zinc oxide, which is a great sunblock, but also explained the dry feeling. I feel that it has good staying power and won't wear off too quickly, but if you are looking for a moisturizing sunscreen, this isn't for you.", {'entities': [(493, 505, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Granted, a Seattle autumn is not the best time to try out a new sunscreen, but we work with what we get. My wife is kind of a skin cream fanatic--she has a collection of strange jars and tubes that would put an alchemist to shame--and this Juice Beauty gets her temporary seal of approval. Temporary because we won't be able to check out its sunscreen capabilities for months to come.As a moisturizer, it works nicely. It goes on thick but rubs in without leaving too much residue or greasy feeling. The smell is nice, and the ingredients list are mostly things you would recognize. Like I said, my wife gave it her official approval, and she is picky about these sorts of things. But for now it will be retired to the back of the apothecaries table until the sun starts to peek through the clouds again. She says if it really does double-duty as a moisturizer and a sunscreen, then it will be a real winner.", {'entities': [(240, 252, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was pleasantly surprised by he Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer. I have a lot of chemical sensitivities and normal sunblock usually aggravates my sinuses and makes my eyes water for some reason. So far- Juice has been good to me. I haven't had any allergies to it, and although the scent- citrus isn't to my particular taste, I find that it is effective at moisturizing my skin. Because we have been experiencing wet weather lately, I can't really say how good it is at protecting my skin from the sun, but, I'm just so relieved to find a moisturizer I can wear without breaking out or that doesn't trigger my allergies, that I will certainly purchase this product again.", {'entities': [(33, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer is a great year-round product that tucks easily into a backpack or fanny pack. There isn't a strong or overpowering scent, and it's made using many natural ingredients (important for anyone with sensitive skin, mild eczema, etc.). I like that it isn't greasy and can be used by men or women. My husband is an avid bird watcher often he'll get mild sunburn on his face and neck even in January. With this product, he can tuck it into his vest or pack to reapply as needed during a long day of birding. Being a relatively small tube, it won't be cumbersome to carry with him.", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have tried a lot of different sunblocks but this Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer is pretty good. I Have been using this for about a week now and so far I love it! Best part is that it consists of a blend of rich organic jojoba and soothing aloe with antioxidants and vitamins and doesn't leave a ghostly white cast on the face. The light citrus herbal scent is refreshing, it also dissipates quickly for those who might not like the scent. Additional moisturizer might be required for those who have extremely dry skin but overall it is a great product for me, has not broken my acne prone skin out.Additional it can go on as a primer and dries nice and smooth. The matte finish lasts for at least six hours so I don't have to worry about oil shine. My only suggestion is to give it a few moments to set before you add a liquid foundation as the matte finish will absorb the moisture from your foundation and make it harder to glide on. Aside from that the Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer is reasonable price for what it offers. Recommended.", {'entities': [(51, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Juice Beauty SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer is a very welcome and useful organic sunscreen.Although the use of the word beauty suggests the manufacturer intends to market to women, I think an organic sunscreen makes sense for men, too. I have sensitive skin and chemical-laden sunscreens tend to disagree with me. I have struggled to find something that protects against sun damage but doesn't distress my facial skin.With that said: I'm not ashamed at all to say that Juice Beauty works for me! The lotion is non-greasy, applies easily and has a pleasant scent. The organic ingredients including aloe juice, fruit juices, oils and vitamins are very agreeable to my skin. The water resistant formula provides up to 80 minutes of SPF 30 protection in the water before requiring reapplication - or all day if I'm not in the water. Most importantly, I don't have any problems at all with skin irritation. I simply wash off Juice Beauty Sport and, I am pleased to say, my skin feels fresh and of course, sunburn-free. I can't ask for more than that.I highly recommend Juice Beauty Sport Moisturizer to everyone.", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love everything Juice Beauty makes. This is no exception. It is rich, creamy, and water-resistant. It feels great everywhere, but particularly on my hands and arms. I noticed that my skin looked smoother, which is a plus since the idea is protection. My skin did look whitish for a few minutes, until it had time to sink in then it looks normal with just a little oily look, maybe more dewey than oily. I'm tempted to use it even when I'm not going out into the sun. There was a little beige 'tint' left on the wash cloth when I washed it off, but not when I rinsed better before drying off.", {'entities': [(18, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The start of freezing season is a weird time to be trying the heavy duty sunscreens, but I've been actively looking for something to replace my Neutrogena sensitive formula. This summer, I reacted badly to the kids' Coppertone, which I grabbed in lieu of my usual, and after that, I seemed to be unable to tolerate even the Neutrogena without breaking out in a painful red rash. That sent me off to an allergist, who gave me a list of ingredients to avoid, leaving me with very limited choices.The safest sunscreen for many with contact allergies is plain old zinc oxide. The problem with zinc, though, is one of appearances - it turns your skin white. (Or purple, or whatever color is added to the white.)The Juice Beauty is tinted ivory-beige. On my fair/easy-to-burn skin, it virtually disappears, soothing and creamy with no greasiness and no allergic reaction.The scent is a little weird, and very similar to Juice Beauty Nutrient Moisturizer, 2 fl. oz., just stronger smelling. To me, it comes off as lemongrass, nothing worse.It's nice to know that I'll be able to tolerate sunscreen next summer without looking like I've been chalked.", {'entities': [(710, 722, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have loyally used Juice Beauty since 2008. Every productmoisturizer, cleanser, toner, mask, serum, lip moisturizer, etc.has left my skin feeling and looking exceptional. Their SPF 30 Sport Moisturizer is no different. After applying the moisturizer, my skin feels smooth and protected. Many of the JB moisturizers I have used in the past, especially those with sun protection, including this sport moisturizer, are thick in texture and leave almost a white finish on my face, which is not a product everyone person can wear, as everyone has a different tone of skin. However, with some gentle reinforcement onto your face, the white tint will minimize. (I understand some individuals do not favor the thick, white finish, but I have made it work for me). I also appreciate that once applied to my skin, I feel satisfied that is does not easily rub off onto clothes (through changing sessions). Lastly, when I simply do not feel like wearing makeup, I use moisturizer solo, which always blends nicely onto my skin. I spend a lot of time outside, and thus far, I have not suffered from extreme sun damage thanks to this and other SPF Juice Beauty products. Compared to other Juice Beauty products, 16 is not a bad price at all. Knowing that my skin is protected makes this product valuable to me. I highly recommend it, and I will continue to purchase this moisturizer as well as other JB products!', {'entities': [(20, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Juice Beauty SPF Sport Moisturizer is nothing like what I expected. First, it is a light tan color, which is great, because it does not have the bright white color of most zinc based sunscreens. And while this is called a sport moisturizer, it is also a great sunscreen. Since I need sunscreen year round, this is perfect. The smell is a citrus fragrance and does not make me feel like summery, but it is great for fall!It goes on easily and massages in well. No streaks, but you do have to put a little extra effort to place it evenly. The only downside I can see would be if you were going to use this for your entire body. If that is the case, it will not last very long. Since I only plan on using it on my head and neck, It will not be an issue for me. 3.75 ounces can go quickly, and I cannot say that a little goes a long way, so you miht want to keep that in mind.I love that it is made with organic ingredients...and the fragrance really is refreshing. It is not Arbonne, but then, it is not as expensive either.', {'entities': [(4, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I do not like when I put on sunscreen and its streaking white across my face, nestling into every curve, into my hairline, my ears.Juice Beauty SPF goes on clear and stays clear. BETTER YET this stuff smells amazing. Fruity and light. It is chemical free, containing all organic ingredients.I have sensitive skin and this did not make me burn, break out or itch.', {'entities': [(131, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Love Starbucks Coffee', {'entities': [(5, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Average product. The only way to truly remove Suncoat nailcolors is to use this remover... soak a cotton pad and lay it on the nail for a minute, then rub it on the nail a bit, then use an orange stick to push the polish off, then use more remover to get the last bit. Takes about two cotton pads per hand if you used a darker color polish, and this stuff is very oily so don't touch anything until you've thoroughly washed your hands afterwards or you'll leave a residue on anything you touch. Takes about 2 minutes per nail to remove polish (2-3 coats color and 1-2 coats topcoat), so it's 20 minutes total to remove the polish. I wanted to be more eco-friendly, but this isn't very user-friendly, so I'll not use it very often.", {'entities': [(46, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These cookies used to be pretty good. They were soft and chewy and had a somewhat homemade baked feel to them.Keebler changed the recipe though. The packaging now states, New Look! Same Great TasteSorry Keebler, but they do not have the same great taste. They don't even have a good taste. In fact, these new cookies are downright terrible. There are barely any chocolate chips in each cookie and they now taste like stale cookies that have been sitting around for a week.Keebler clearly cut some costs on this new recipe and it shows. The quality is extremely poor.If you want some delicious, soft cookies that taste like they are homemade and are reasonably priced, try Matt's Chocolate Chip Cookies. They are by far the best packaged chocolate chip cookies I have ever had....", {'entities': [(110, 117, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband that has a real sweet tooth and loves chocolate cookies. He did not care for these. I tried and had to agree that they were not at the usual standard for Keebler. I will not order again and do not recommend.', {'entities': [(165, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
("FIrst off, I LOOOOOVE Keebler Softbatch Cookies. I bought this 6 pack thinking I got a major deal. It is JULY 2014 and the expiration date on all 6 of my packages are OCT 2014. The cookies are STALE. Even heating them in a microwave didn't do the trick. I am VERY UNHAPPY with this purchase. I have to call Keebler on Monday to complain about freshness and perhaps request refund from Amazon. Also, their packaging needs to be improved to maintain freshness. The wrapping is too thin. Very upset right now. :(I have had good luck with buying the small packages of 4 cookies at my local deli. Maybe the moisture and chewiness is maintained better in this environment.", {'entities': [(22, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Chewy Chips Ahoy and Keebler Soft Batch are very similar taste and texture. I decided to try this since a had a coupon for 50 off. They're slightly smaller than Chips Ahoy, but that's about it. My cookies arrived a little crumbled due to shipping, but no complaints because they were still edible and tasted great. Great Cookies, and now I have a stockpile of them :).", {'entities': [(21, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("A very soft, very delicious Keebler Brand Cookie that is hard to find in the supermarket and generally around 4.49/bag 'cause it's never on sale. I picked up my order of 6 bags through Warehouse Deals fulfilled by Amazon for 13.00, a good bargain considering how much they are in a grocery store 4.49/bag and hard to find usually in this variety! If the sale is right, I highly recommend it for you to try and buy for yourself!", {'entities': [(28, 35, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I may be dating myself here a bit but I remember when the first Soft Batch cookies came out. These were the first and they were bigger and yes, even softer than these are now. But, at that time, they were the ONLY soft, prepackaged cookie (can you believe that) besides Archway. They then came out with at least a dozen other varieties but for some reason, they stopped making them. I can remember every kid imaginable going nuts over these things so I'm wondering why they stopped.Anyway, back to today, these cookies, even though they're smaller, are still quite excellent. They are just so soft and taste better than Keebler's other soft and chewy cookies. This package made it about 20 minutes in this house - that's what happens when you're raising a bunch of Titan boys!Great, great stuff, HIGHLY recommend!", {'entities': [(620, 627, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The viscosity of Biotene Gel has been changed and it is nearly runny as water. This stuff worked all night long for me for many years, but the new formula only helps for a few minutes. It doesn't even get one star from me. I will not buy it again.", {'entities': [(17, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have bought Biotene gel for my mother for years. As so many others have asked - why the reformulation I'm willing to pay for a product that works, not this one. Have you noticed the of unhappy reviews This is a fail...", {'entities': [(14, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The change you have made in the formula of the Biotene gel has definitely made it ineffective. I along with numerous other people raved about how well the gel worked. No more. I discussed this with my dentist and he too has had many complaints from patients that the new formula gel no longer works. Disappointed that you changed a wonderful product into a bad one.', {'entities': [(47, 54, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Have used Biotene Gel for a couple of years and it WAS terrific. The formula has recently changed and it no longer works... the gel is thinner and doesn't last. I no longer receive any relief from this product. PLEASE BRING BACK THE OLD FORMULA!", {'entities': [(10, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Biotene products for years for dry mouth. I do not want xylitol, I do want aloe vera. I'll not be purchasing your products again until the old formula returns.", {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Oral Balance, Biotene Toothpase, and Mouthwash for 16+ years since Dry Mouth diagnoses. These products were a godsend! Now the formula has changed and I am at a loss as to what to do. They took out the enzyme system, aloe vera. The gel is basically 4 ingredients now. Very thin and the sugar alcohols give me cramping and diarrhea. The green label mouthwash is still good. They also removed the enzyme formula from the blue label mouthwash and the toothpaste. The taste of the toothpaste is toooooo strong now and burns my mouth and tonque. The gel is sickeningly sweet. Biotene, please fix your products. Seems to me like they decided to go the least expensive route for them. I am so discouraged.', {'entities': [(26, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can't say that I really see the benefit in using this product. I decided to use Biotene Oral Balance Gel before bed one night since I tend to wake up with a dry mouth from time to time. The gel was much different than what I had imagined it would be. It was a little more liquid-y. I applied some to my mouth and I noticed that the box stated that it should last for about 4 hours. 4 hours is a good amount of time to last if you don't wake up in the middle of the night. Needless to say, I tend to wake up from time to time throughout the night. I woke up that night and not only was my mouth dry again, but also had a funky taste from the gel. The good part is that falling asleep was easier for me. My mouth tends to dry out soon after I go to bed, but I didn't feel like I needed to get water before falling asleep this time!", {'entities': [(82, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Biotene Toothpaste is no longer recommended by me. I can't even use it anymore because they changed the taste. The mint flavor now is overpowering. I have bought Biotene for years because every other brand was offensively strong in mint, and Biotene was mild. I do not have dry mouth. But now, the box says NEW Improved pH Balance, the cute flip-up cap is gone, and the taste is unbearable. Either I got a bad batch, or some new executive has screwed up what used to be a very good product.", {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Some time ago, perhaps the beginning of 2014 or thereabouts, Biotene changed the formula of this product. I used to swear by it for solving dry mouth problems overnight where long-term efficacy was required. However, the NEW! PH-balanced formula has been watered down so that its effectiveness longevity has been severely compromised. In addition, the new formula has a very caustic or acidic edge inevitably one is going to have to swallow some of this goo during use, and in my case (and many others -- read the reviews on Amazon and on Biotene's web site) the formulation provides a very unpleasant throat-burning experience for a good 20-minutes after it is applied, which certainly doesn't help one get to sleep! This new product seems about as far from pH-balanced as you can get. The only reason I buy this product anymore is because it's the only real player in the game for relief that lasts longer than a couple of hours, and because I can still blend it with the contents of some travel packs of the old gel that I still have and have found more of online. After that stash runs out, I don't know what I will do. I guess I'm hoping Biotene realizes they made a huge Coca-Cola reformulation error and restores the old formula -- or at least remedies the horrible caustic edge this formulation suffers from. Wal-Mart does have the best pricing I have been able to find to date (another problem with this product -- it's ridiculously expensive -- prior to the reformulation you could buy it for 3.99 / tube).", {'entities': [(61, 68, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Like several other people I've used of tube of the Biotene Oral Gel for over 15 years, now for some reason they have changed the product and it is far less effective. Why the negative change Please bring back the original formula and make your cutomer happy and willing to return.", {'entities': [(51, 58, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I experience dry mouth due to the side effects of some prescription medications. I use the Biotene spray and mouthwash, so when I saw the gel claimed to last longer, I knew I had to try it. It is very effective at relieving the dry mouth symptoms, but I was surprised by how unpleasant the taste was. Considering it is a product designed to go directly on the tongue and be ingested, you would think they would make it taste great, or at a minimum, good. Truthfully, unless I had no other choice, I would probably not use it again because of the bad taste. I'll stick with the Biotene spray and mouthwash for now.", {'entities': [(91, 98, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Biotene liquid for a long time for nightly dry mouth, so I was really excited to try the new Biotene gel. It's concentrated size makes it great for travel but the gel is a very unusual texture/ sensation to squeeze into your mouth. The taste was pleasant but it felt odd to swish it around and swallow. It seemed like I should spit it out even though the directions say it is safe to swallow. It did help for dry mouth but not as well as the Biotene liquid does.", {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like Biotene tooth paste for dry mouth! My biggest complaint is that Biotene makes very little lather. I have to mix it with other tooth pastes to make it like other pastes. I have dentures, and after they have been in a soaking solution each night, I use the excess tooth paste from my mouth to brush off the soaking solution chemicals and taste! No lather remaining!!! The other complaint is that you only produce one flavor. Mix it up with something other than just mint!', {'entities': [(7, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used Biotene toothpaste exclusively for many years. Then they changed the product by adding sodium saccharin, which leaves a terrible aftertaste. The new product says New improved PH balance in red on it, and I no longer buy it. actually, all toothpaste has saccharin in it! I found some old stock and bought them out and it was good again, but gone again.', {'entities': [(7, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biotene dry mouth oral balance gel does add moisture to the mouth which definitely helps fight dry mouth. It does have a glucose type taste, which is rather sweet. I think maybe minty would be better. But it does do the job of adding moisture to dr mouth', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I started a medication recently that includes dry mouth as a side effect. Not really sure how to solve this problem, since I have never experienced it before, I jumped on the chance to try Biotene gel. I have heard of Biotene's line of products, and this one seemed simple enough for a newbie to use! I applied a drop of the gel to my tongue as the directions suggested, swirled it around in my mouth, and immediately had to suppress the urge to retch! The flavor itself was good, but the texture of the gel and having to use my saliva to break it up somewhat to help it spread around my mouth was not a pleasant process for me. I would say efficacy-wise it was on target...my symptoms were relieved for several hours after, however I don't believe I will use this product again due to the gel texture.", {'entities': [(189, 196, 'PRODUCT')]})
('After years of suffering night-time dry mouth, requiring me to awake 4-10 times a night for a sip of water, this product allows me restful nights with only 1-3 awakenings a night. My only wish is that Biotene could develop a product that lasts the whole night through.', {'entities': [(201, 208, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biotene oral balance help my patiens when they have dry mouth, biotene help relievtte dry mouth symptoms They feel confortable', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Biotene oral balance moisturizing gel is a good mouth moisturizer for those with dry mouth syndrome. It doesn't have a flavoring agent but it does have a flavor that's neutral. It's something you can get used to if you can get past the first few applications. It works best after drinking water and lasts between 20 and 30 minutes per application.", {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been used Biotene gel for more than 15 years for my dry mouth mostly at night. It's very helpful to release the feeling of burning dry. Can't live without Biotene Gel", {'entities': [(17, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had dry mouth for 16 years following chemotherapy. Biotene OralBalance has been a great help, but the new formula not as much.", {'entities': [(56, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the Biotene gel tastes great. It works very well, my dry mouth isn't a problem anymore. Medication makes it dry and then I use the Biotene gel and problem solved.", {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I think the Biotene Oral Balance Moisturizing gel is amazing. I have terrible try mouth from medications I take. The first time I used I was amazed how fast it worked. I could tell that my mouth wasn't dry, I wasn't licking my lips or swallowing to moisten my mouth!! It is an amazing product. I look forward to trying the other Biotene products!! Its an incredible feeling have a moistened mouth.", {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My dental hygeinist told me at my last cleaning that I had dry mouth and gave me some Biotene mouthwash. I really liked it so I was anxious to try the Biotene Gel Oral Balance. First of all, it was, for me, an alien concept to swish gel in my mouth. It's a clear gel but it's very thick. It's a strange sensation until you get used to it. It really works! My mouth felt hydrated for a good hour after using it. It struck me how convenient it is to have the gel wherever I want to use it. No need to spit anything out which makes it even more convenient. I work in a lab where we are not allowed to have food or drink inside. My mouth gets terribly dry. Now all I have to do is squeeze a little out (I put it on my fingertip) and swish it in my mouth, pressing it against all the surfaces with my tongue. The only reason I gave this 4 stars instead of 5 was the taste. It's some sort of minty taste that I found unappealing. Others may like it but I didn't care for it. The benefit far outweighs the negative, though, and I will continue to use this innovative product.", {'entities': [(86, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Biotene dry mouth oral balance gel for a couple of days now. The very first time I used it I was pleased that it worked better than other products and strategies that I had tried previously. The more times I've used it the more effective it has become! I particularly like that the ingredients are safe to swallow, though I choose personally to spit it out in the sink after making sure I swirl and swish it all around the inside of my mouth per the package directions. Due to prescription medications which I'm taking and some dental issues, my mouth is constantly severely dry. I have tried drinking more water, chewing gum, and using other products for dry mouth. All have helped a wee bit. I find that this specific product helps more and it also lasts for a longer time. It works for up to 4 hours! The reason I am giving it 4 stars is that I think the taste of the product could be significantly improved. It works well so I will continue to use it. I would, however, like to see better flavors offered in the future. Thanks, Biotene!", {'entities': [(16, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a mouth breather and I sleep with a Bi-PAP a combination that often leaves me with a dry mouth to the point that the tip of my tongue is dried out and painful all day. Biotene Oral Balance protects my mouth and tongue from driness and damage. It doesn't always last all night for me but it is not a problem to reapply--even when 1/2 asleep.", {'entities': [(173, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am trying to find Biotene Gel and have been advised that it has been discontinued. I am extremely unhappy about this. This product is outstanding and I keep a tube in my purse, my desk and my dog walking jacket. I love its portability and the fact that it WORKS! Please, please don't discontinue this product. Thank you.", {'entities': [(20, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I use Biotene gel every night, along with Biotene Mouth Wash and Biotene Toothpaste. The Biotene really aids in the control of dry mouth. Then when I wake up in the middle of the night spitting cotton a little more Biotene and I am able to make it through the rest of the night. I couldn't get along with out my Biotene.", {'entities': [(6, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have an extremely dry mouth due to Sjogren's Syndrome. While I do enjoy sipping on water through the day, there are situations where this just isn't possible. I use Biotene Oral Gel to get me through the tough spots as well as overnight. The taste is never too sweet and it seems to last a long time in my mouth.", {'entities': [(167, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The gel is perfect for dry mouth. Biotene oral balance soothes and comforts my mouth immediately. BUT I can't buy it in the 85085-6 area code. Please help! 3 different drugs stores have tried to order Biotene Oral Balance for me and say they can't get it. Please make more of the gel. Thank you.", {'entities': [(34, 41, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have dry mouth due to medication I have to take. For a long time I had difficulty sleeping and would wake up dry-swallowing and very uncomfortable. Now I just use Biotene dry mouth gel and I'm able to sleep longer. I use it a couple of times a night and it never fails.", {'entities': [(165, 172, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biotene Oral Balance keeps my mouth and subsequently my throat from drying out at night when I sleep. Before I found this, I awoke several times a night with extremely dry mouth. I have Sjogrens Syndrome and Biotene Oral Balance is a fantastic product for dry mouth.', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I take multiple medications during the day and at bedtime. My mouth feels like it is covered in cotton. When I use Biotene Gel it gives me instant relief.', {'entities': [(115, 122, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biotene gel really helps my dry mouth which is the result of radiation I needed for a malignant tumor. I always keep a tube in my purse and next to my bed.', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Biotene Oral Balance now for several years and have been very satisfied. It is one of the best mouth moisturizing gels out there.", {'entities': [(16, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Biotene gel almost daily. It makes my mouth feel more comfortable both when I have my false teeth in or out.', {'entities': [(6, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Due to medication for various ills, I suffer from dry mouth. Very uncomfortable. Biotene gel is wonderful.', {'entities': [(81, 88, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I imagine they are all good, but my fav by far was the Biotene Gel! Any chance you can bring it back', {'entities': [(55, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this product for about a year and it is the only thing I have found that will really relieve dry mouth. I awaken in the middle of the night and I use it then and before I go to bed. I use all of the Biotene products. I love them all.', {'entities': [(217, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have a very sensitive mouth, and any mint product burns my mouth! Biotene Oral Gel has been a lifesaver at night and when I'm on the go and can't drink anything. I like the pleasantly mild, long-lasting gel. It is your best product, IMHO.", {'entities': [(68, 75, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Please put Biotene Dry Mouth Gel back on the market. This is the only product that helps my wife's mouth. She has been using this product for years and it is the only product that helps her.", {'entities': [(11, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I would not be able to sleep at night if I did not have the Biotene gel. I have had a problem for going on 7 months now , and I could have not survived without the Biotene products.', {'entities': [(60, 67, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Before I used Biotene at night, I couldn't sleep because of dry mouth. Now I use Biotene Oral Balance Gel and it lasts almost all night. It's a wonderful product.", {'entities': [(14, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have dry mouth. Biotene was recommended by my dentist a few years ago and I have used it twice, sometimes more, a day. It is not bad tasting and isn't a substitute for salvia but activates your salvia glands to produce more. I take it with me EVERYWHERE.", {'entities': [(18, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a dry mouth for about one month. LiNothing helped until I discovered Biotene. It cured my dry mouth in less than one week.', {'entities': [(75, 82, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My husband sleeps with a bi-pap and says Biotene Gel is a must for his dry mouth.', {'entities': [(41, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This product seems to work. I haven't gone back to dentist to verify progress of dry mouth correction, but I feel this product is working. The taste is not bad and easy to use. Walmart is cheapest price I have found. It takes very little each use so even though it's 1.5 oz. it last a while. I have purchased other Biotene produts pleased with all.", {'entities': [(315, 322, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have a very severe dry mouth due to medications I am taking. Biotene moisturizing gel is the only kind that helps my mouth. I take it at bedtime to help me get through the night, and during the day whenever my mouth bothers me.', {'entities': [(63, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biotene works well for my dry mouth.', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Using the Biotene Oral Gel at night before going to bed and when I get up overnight and get a drink of water helps to keep my mouth moist. For me the gel works better than the mouthwash.', {'entities': [(10, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('my husband is bed-bound with a disease that makes it impossible for him to close his mouth. Consequently, his mouth is extremely dry. Biotene gel helps but we also use lemon glycerine swabs.', {'entities': [(134, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('First off I already love Biotene products so I was super excited to give this a try. This product did not let me down at all!! I have used this a couple of times and it has worked great. I used it over night and loved it! I used it once during the day because I am on the phone 8 hours a day and am always needing to wet my whistle and this seriously helps my mouth and it is so comforting!', {'entities': [(25, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
("At first I was very skeptical of this product but being a woman who suffers from dry mouth on a daily basis,due to medications I take. I decided to give it a try. I have used Biotene with a wonderful experience. I followed the directions to the T, and within seconds I was getting relief. I could sleep through the whole night without having drink something. I love how Biotene gel last for several hours and that it don't taste bad either.", {'entities': [(175, 182, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Biotene Oral Balance Dry Mouth Gel everynight and I put it on the roof of my mouth. I rarely have to reapply during the night. The only problem is finding it in the store when I need to buy more. I always buy at least six at a time. If you have a dry mouth problem, please try this and tell all your friends with the same problem.', {'entities': [(6, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use Biotene at night because i snore and wake up periodically with a very dry mouth. I take a sip of water and a squeeze a small amount of Biotene from the tube. It adds moisture to my mouth and has a pleasant flavor.', {'entities': [(6, 13, 'PRODUCT')]})
("After suffering with Dry Mouth for more months than I care to count, I discovered this product. All I can say is Wow! What a difference! For the first time in ages, I am not waking up throughout the night feeling as if I've swallowed the desert. Biotene Oral Gel has a pleasant taste and is a breeze to use. It's amazing to me that just dabbing a little on the tongue makes such a difference. I highly recommend this product!", {'entities': [(246, 253, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been looking for relief from dry mouth for quite a while and I finally found it. Biotene Dry Mouth moisturizing gel did the trick. It taste good and keeps my mouth hydrated all night. Like many I use a C-Pap machine at night and have suffered with a dry mouth because of it. When I use the Biotene before bed I wake up in the morning not suffering from dry mouth anymore. I am very happy with the results and will continue to make this part of my nightly routine.', {'entities': [(88, 95, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I am one of those people who happens to get dry mouth as a side-effect from some of the medications I take. Until I learned of Biotene Oral Balance Moisturizing Gel, I was unaware that there was something I could do about it. I have been pleased with the results. The gel is easy to use and tastes okay and it starts working immediately. The relief has been long lasting. I have found that it works for up to 3 hours at a time. I am very happy to have a product to reach for when I need it.', {'entities': [(127, 134, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried Biotene because I use a CPAP to sleep at night and every morning I wake up with a dry mouth even though the machine is filled with water. Well since trying Biotene I no longer have that problem!! I have found I'm actually sleeping longer and no longer have to keep reaching for a bottle of water. I have friends who also use a cpap and have been telling them what a relief it has brought me. I wish I knew about it sooner!!!", {'entities': [(8, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband loved the Biotene Oral Balance Moisturizing Gel, he gets dry mouth quite often and said this stuff really works. I will definitely purchase this for him in the future. Has a good flavor that doesn't linger- no aftertaste.", {'entities': [(21, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been trying to find a product that works really well to relieve my dry mouth and I didn't have any luck until I tried Biotene. This product relieves my dry mouth instantly and continued to work through the night. It doesn't taste bad like a lot of other products I have tried and I don't have to keep getting up in the middle of the night to reapply the product. I have dry mouth all the time due to medications i'm taking and was miserable until I tried Biotene. Biotene will be apart of my daily routine from now on and I would recommend this product to anyone that has dry mouth. It really works!", {'entities': [(125, 132, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Smooth and very flavorful. Natural fruit taste and not too sweet. I have been a lifelong Yoplait fan but no more! It's flavor, smoothness and value converted me to Tillamook!", {'entities': [(164, 173, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked the gel consistency and the way it cleans my porcelain sink. Works great! I have always liked the Soft Scrub products, but the gel isn't as gritty. Highly recommend.", {'entities': [(106, 116, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using this product for many years and loving it. The amount of bleach is not too much and it is not gritty which makes me think it is scratching the surface. Recently, I am having difficulty finding it in stores and started to think it is being discontinued. Please, NO, that cannot be so! I did notice online that there is a new product in a black bottle. Is that the replacement I would like to know more about it, please, if the Soft Scrub Gel is being discontinued. Why does everything I like get discontinued', {'entities': [(444, 454, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These crackers are delicious! I found them at the Walmart in Naples last week. I went back to the same Walmart and they are NOT stocked on the shelves at all! I asked an associate of the store and I was told that they don't carry them anymore. I purchased the Origional Wheat Thins but they are not the same. I then went to Publix and purchased 2 boxes of them. Sorry I would of rather purchased them at Walmart (as the store is closer than Publix) but I was told your not carrying them anymore. Walmart just lost another sell!!! Its very aggravating about Walmart that one day you have the product in stock and then less than a week later its not going to be in stock. VERY FRUSTRATING!!! I'll take my business to Publix then.", {'entities': [(270, 281, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Wheat Thins BIG are perfect for various toppings as well as dipping.', {'entities': [(4, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Summer's Eve disposable wipes are great and easy to carry - but don't flush down toilet - it has clogged up some.", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Summer's Eve products have been in my cabinets for over twenty years. The cleansing wipes allow me to feel just as fresh as I do when I step out of the shower.", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These are the worst Samsung product ever to make it to market. They do a mediocre job of playing music but are not anywhere near usable for talking. Most of my phone calls I end up turning the headset off and talking on my phone instead. There needs to be a firmware update or recal for the poor quality that bear the Samsung name.', {'entities': [(20, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this as a replacement for my LG head phones that were damaged. Issues with the loose ear buds tangling and after peering with my Samsung galaxy note 4 it went down hill in fast forward motion, person I called or whoever called me couldn't hear me... HORRIBLE....", {'entities': [(141, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've own 3 LG headsets and this one has had the best call quality with respect to ambient noise etc. The problem is that the with the LG headsets the earpieces are magnetic and therefore there is no strain put on the wires. The Samsung design leaves the wires to handle all the stress of the dangling earpieces. It's only a matter of time (in my case 2 months after the warranty ran out) before the wire insulation separates from the earpiece and only a bit longer I'm sure before the wire contacts fail.", {'entities': [(228, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought these earphones being a big Samsung customer and fan. I have no idea how they sound because they would not stay in my ear long enough for me to even turn them on. I tried every size plug, but because of they way they\'re constructed the hard plastic "stem" made them pop out of my ears. I can\'t believe the poor ergonomics of these beautiful looking earbuds.Never had this problem with other brands.I ended up buying the best model of the competitor\'s and originator of the design and they\'re great.', {'entities': [(37, 44, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I own everything Samsung except for the headset. I bought it hoping it would live up too the samsung name. It didn't fit around my neck, the controls were not very intuitive, and the dangling head phones were annoying. The sound was decent, but not the best. I recommend the lg tones or jlab.", {'entities': [(17, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am a huge Samsung fan but every so often even they don't always make a hit. The design of these was not as comfortable as other around the neck headphones. The two ear pieces having to be attached to each other instead of connected to the neck piece when not in use is not a very good design. The sound was average not as impressive as I would have thought", {'entities': [(12, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Man, I really wanted to like these. They absolutely sound great. Especially if you have a Samsung phone. But :-( after less than an hour they hurt my ears. The design of the actual ear bud is not good. It doesn't really fit in the ear right. It's too big. The noise canceling only works if the outside sound is really loud.", {'entities': [(90, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
("It's ok, really just ok. I'm one of the biggest supporters of Samsung there is. My stove, refrigerator, washer, dryer, 3- TVs all Samsung. But honestly these headphones are not the best. I had a pair of LGs given to me before these. I loved the LGs. I work in the oilfield, so these things get really beat up but these seem to not be loud enough out of the box. I honestly can't hear music at all with any real background noise. When it's quiet these are awesome, but any real background sound will drown these out.", {'entities': [(62, 69, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Was using the Samsung Gear Circle for a couple of years, without any issue, and decided to upgrade to the Level Pro. The sound is clearer, with nice highs and lows, better than other similar products such as Beats. It's more comfortable to wear for extended periods, also vs. the Gear Circle, and the controls are easy to use. Battery life is ample. No concerns come to mind, just be sure to find the right fit for your ear with the supplied ear pieces and you'll be rewarded with those nice highs and lows mentioned.", {'entities': [(14, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Samsung did a wow by creating these headphones wireles...i took it for gym and ou door...pretty comfortable and good sound with my s7 edge...but when you use it with samsung level app and adjsut your equalizer you can enjoy more better...', {'entities': [(0, 7, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I went to Best Buy with the intent to get the latest LG version of these since my brother in law recommended them. However, when I was there I looked at all the versions sold there. I did not want to pay much over $200 but since these, the LGs and several others were below, I had a decent selection to chose from. Reviewing the specs, I found them as good or better in most regards to the others, even the most expensive ones, and they included active noise cancellation. Since I was about to travel, this elevated these to near the top. The sale price and reviews pushed them over the top. I've been into high end audio for a long time. I like neutral sounding speakers so that the music sounds as it's supposed to. I paired these to my Galaxy S7 Edge, which was another reason I purchased these. These fit the bill. They are neutral sounding with good seperation and location of sound field (when the sound travels from one side to the other). There's a bit if reduction as it travels to right through the center but you have to be listening for it for it to stand out. Noise cancellation is acceptable. It helps out a bit but not as much as I expected. I read a review that said they thought it was about 80% improvement. I think it's lower, more like 60-70%. Although one of the reasons I purchased these was the noise canceling, I would not recommend these if noise canceling was the primary reason you want headphones. Although I have not experienced many others, they failed to meet my expectations in this regard. An important note, I was listening to an audiobook on the plane and there was a metallic, digital artifact happening. I couldn't figure out what was happening. I turned the noise cancellation on and off, repaired the headset, turned the phone on and off and various other attempts at fixing the issue to no avail. I finally figured out the was a high definition audio setting that is on the S7 that was supposed to smooth out the audio and create a less digital sounding experience. However, this Samsung setting does not work with the Samsung headphones. Really Samsung? You could not get one of your premium phones to work with one of your premium headphones with your premium settings? As for battery life, this exceeded my expectations. I've found the battery life listed usually is aspirational for the product. However, the listed life of of 10 hours is pretty accurate when used with, for me, lots of phone time (around 1.5-2 hours) and audio the remainder of time. It lasted around 12 hours at work just listening to audio on and off a bit.Overall the sound quality, battery life, and noise cancelling make these a good buy. Some of the negatives outlined above do not offset positives and I would recommend them.", {'entities': [(2020, 2027, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I can hear the high quality difference with these vs.the wired headphones that came with my note 5. I thank god they finally put some real buttons on this. The gear circle didn't except for an answer button and volume control. When I learned I can finally skip tracks and pause I was excited. I only take one star off because of the design of the outside part of the earbud itself. I use these headphones for everything. So one personal preference I noticed is I can't lay down on my sides in my bed comfortably with these on. Gear circle had a flat design on the outside. These U Pro have a triangular design that faces out. Reasonable when your trying to put them in your ear you get a nice grip, but it's not worth it for me once I lay down. Laying on my back it feels fine, fits comfortably in the back of my kneck. It's so light sometimes I forget it's on. It's also compatible with my S2 tablet and iPad mini 2. Sounds amazing on the ipad, controls even work, only thing is Apple app Store doesn't carry the Samsung level app. I'm very happy with my purchase and I hope Samsung can take suggestions to better their future products.", {'entities': [(1014, 1021, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Purchase the Samsung headphones because of unique features.', {'entities': [(13, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('These headphones were replacing my LG headphones. Samsung headphones look nice and feel good around the neck. The playing time is reasonable. The charging takes forever. All in all, not a bad pair of headphones.', {'entities': [(50, 57, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Over all good sound quality, not as loud as I would like but the noise cancellation can help that if needed. I would like to see the cords be just a few cm longer, but for the average person this isn't an issue. Would also like to be able to get the app on apple to adjust levels, but it's a apple and Samsung thing.", {'entities': [(302, 309, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Bought this on sale at Best Buy for my wife who is about as un-tech savvy as they come... and not only does she use them, but she loves them! I'm a died-in-the-wool Android Samsung Galaxy Note freak and won't touch an Apple iPhone. My wife on the other hand, is the opposite, and can't be bothered with technology if it involves anything beyond plugging it in to charge it... So given that, she goes nowhere without these on her neck now. They're easy to use and have a long enough battery life that they last her for more than a day. I felt like since they had the white color (aura of the white iPhone earbuds) with the Samsung name that she'd like the way they looked. I was right. But since these headphones, like an iPhone, are very easy to use, more importantly she uses them. (My only reason for holding back from 5 stars is that the noise cancellation feature - which is a separate switch - seems to be too aggressive and as often as it cancels out noise, it cancels out the quality of the call entirely. So you pay extra for a feature that in execution works only marginally.)", {'entities': [(173, 180, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like the headset the only I miss using these headset compared to the Samsung Circle it does not notify you when you have a text message or whatever notification I've selected.", {'entities': [(71, 78, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this Bluetooth headset comes in very handy when I'm at work. I work in very noisy areas and it cancels out a lot of background noise.I love my Samsung headphones.", {'entities': [(150, 157, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Samsung Level U Pro noice cancelling headphones block out any unnecessary noise. They stay in place while running and fit comfortably on my neck. They are light and are hardly noticeable when working out. I would strongly recommend.', {'entities': [(4, 11, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love this headset! It works with my Samsung Galaxy S7 like no other Bluetooth ear buds that I've ever tried! I've tried all the LG'S, & many others & these are just AMAZING!!!!!!", {'entities': [(38, 45, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm so glad that I bought this Samsung's headphone.", {'entities': [(31, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This product was a gift from my son and a nice gift it was. The Samsung blue tooth connected to my Note 4 phone fairly quickly and easily. The sound quality is quite nice and use it to listen to my music.', {'entities': [(64, 71, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like very much Samsung - Level U Pro Active Noise Cancelling Wireless Headphones - Black.', {'entities': [(17, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have everything Samsung so u bought these and love them', {'entities': [(18, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
("First off, I am a bit of a Samsung nut. However, these are great quality headphones. I own several different pair of LG Tone headphones, but these edge out the Tones in sound quality at, what can be for some pairs of Tones, half the price. I'm using these with the Galaxy S8+. The only room for improvement I can see is battery life, which appears to be a problem for Samsung headphones. I have problems with the battery life of my Gear Iconx as well. Overall a great purchase though.", {'entities': [(27, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I purchased these primarily for use at the gym, but use them all the time at home as well. The Samsung Rep at Best Buy uses them in store and recommended them to me. They truly are noise cancelling and deliver great sound.', {'entities': [(95, 102, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Perfect if you have a Samsung smart phone. Fit comfortably', {'entities': [(22, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('the sound quality is good, if you use with compatible Samsung phone,you can adjust to your likeing.', {'entities': [(54, 61, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My daughter loves the new Nature Valley peanut butter biscuits! It's a nice alternative, good for a quick breakfast or even an afternoon snack. Have purchased now multiple times!", {'entities': [(26, 39, 'PRODUCT')]})
('In the past I had used other Biore products, such as their moisturizers and blackhead strips, but this cleanser did not work for me. Every time I used it, would would dry my face out, and I would break out with small bumps on my face. And, obviously, it did not do anything for my acne. Would not recommend this cleanser, especially for sensitive skin.', {'entities': [(29, 34, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Biore is my main fash wash, I was happy to find Walmart sold it online!', {'entities': [(0, 5, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have acne, not terrible acne or barely there acne. It is more like average. I also have VERY oily skin and black heads around my nose. Surprisingly, my face dries out with certain acne product. I bought Biore cleanser because of its reviews and Allure award I love Allure. I had been using Neutrogena Acne Cleanser Pink Grapefruit, Green Redness Soothing and the Original. The original worked best, but I was still unsatisfied. The pink grapefruit cleanser is drying out my skin and worsening my acne. I will definately go back to Biore! I felt the difference right away! Don't know why i stopped using it! Will never change!", {'entities': [(205, 210, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have sensitive skin, but not necessarily in the traditional definition of sensitive. As long as I have a routine and don't alter it, my skin is fine. The moment I introduce a new product that doesn't agree with my skin, that's when the sensitivity becomes an issue and I either experience a breakout, a patch of eczema, or both. This cleanser is gentle enough to not dry out my skin, but it also is effective enough to fight acne breakouts. I am 27 and I have PCOS, so I do suffer from occasional acne despite my age. This is less powerful than something designed for teenagers with a lot of acne, but not so gentle that it leaves oil on my face after use. Just right! I tried a few different products during a brief time when I could not find this product in stores, and nothing compared to it. I also enjoy the tingling feeling it leaves on my face. Don't stop making my face wash, Biore! My skin thanks you!", {'entities': [(886, 891, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like Idahoan Instant because they are easy to make with just adding water. They are the perfect size for two servings or one hungry person. They are great for camping as a dry good. I'll top them with a can of roast beef and gravy for a quick meal. The best thing is they actually taste good. They have a good consistency.", {'entities': [(7, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('All of Idahoan instant potatoes are great!! We have even used them at Thanksgiving and everyone raved!!', {'entities': [(7, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Our water is SO hard. Lemi Shine detergent booster is the ONLY product that gets the dishes clean!', {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Lemi Shine Booster with a dilemma. Lemi shine booster works really well on my clothes. I go to gym everyday and the clothes stink a lot. Now after using Lemi Shine booster on my workout clothes, its as new and smells fresh', {'entities': [(9, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Lemi Shine and it really helps with hard water spots.", {'entities': [(10, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lemi Shine is my only choice for dishwasher booster. I have a water well and very hard water. My dishes come out clean every time and the dishwasher stays clean. No buildup of hard water or detergent residue. I highly recommend this product!', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We recently moved into a home serviced by a well. We have never lived where there was well water, specifically hard water, but never gave it thought because of course, we fell in love with the house. That is, until we used the dishwasher. The first load came out horrible! There was white stuff on the door of the stainless dishwasher and all the dishes had this nasty rough film on it. It was more like a powder coating. I really hate washing dishes and felt like I would never use the dishwasher again. The person who lived here before stopped by to retrieve a miss-shipped package and I asked her about the dishwasher. She said never did she use it after the first time because the dishes were gross. I researched, there MUST be a product that can help me! I found Lemi Shine online and a few other products that might work and headed off to the store. I decided to take a chance on Lemi Shine instead of the competitors item. That night my brother and his wife came by for dinner. The test was on! After dinner we loaded up the washer, read the directions and started it up. SURPRISE!! The dishes were so squeaky clean they felt like they came off the store shelves for the first time! I did a happy dance, shouted with joy and told everyone I knew about the item, even posting it on Facebook! I went to the store the very next day and bought more just on the off chance that the company decides to discontinue the product, as that has happened to other items I fell in love with. Lemi Shine, if you ever want to discontinue this product, I will be the most devastated person in the world, honest! THANK YOU FOR SAVING MY BACK AND HANDS AND NEVER HAVING TO WASH DISHES BY HAND AGAIN!', {'entities': [(768, 778, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have water with lots of calcium. Over a period of 16 years, I tried numerous products to no avail. Hated the way my dishes and glasses looked coming out of the dishwasher. Then my daughter Valerie told me about Lemi Shine. Now they are bright and shiny and so is my outlook!', {'entities': [(214, 224, 'PRODUCT')]})
("In our area we have extremely hard water. Even JetDry doesn't stop the water spotting or the lime streaking the dishwasher tub. Lemi Shine leaves the glasses and the stainless tub spot and streak free. I won't run a load without it.", {'entities': [(128, 138, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Let me just say, everything comes out of the dishwasher when using Lemi Shine detergent BOOSTER is like brand new! We were so sick and tired of dull and gritty like on our dishes after wash. I'm so glad Lemi Shine is in our life now! Definitely, recommending this to everyone I know. I'll will be trying out other products, I can't wait for the results! Samples really helped getting to know more about the products and makes me want to stock these babies up for the family. No more yucky film left behind!", {'entities': [(67, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in a small community with incredibly hard water. I have not made the jump and invested in soft water yet. My dishwasher was making me miserable- dishes with spots and dried food and a horriblly embarrassing film. I couldn't even touch my dishes without cringing. I read every blog with home remedies, every product- natural or not. I was cautiously optimistic when I came across a recommendation for Lemi Shine Booster Cheap, natural... could it really be that easy Yep. Miracle on the first round of dishes. All that film and those spots. Viola. Gone. Yippee!", {'entities': [(407, 417, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I like to buy the 24oz Lemi Shine Booster just because we use so much of it! I love this product! Before discovering it we had hard water spots on everything. Now we don't! It is amazing! Can't say enough how much I love this product and will never use the dishwasher without it again!", {'entities': [(23, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lemi Shine is my only choice for dishwasher booster. I have a water well and very hard water. My dishes come out clean every time and the dishwasher stays clean. No buildup of hard water or detergent residue. I highly recommend this product!', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used Lemi Shine Booster regularly in my dishwasher. We have hard water and Lemi Shine helps to get my dishes clean and spot free. I haven't found another product that works better for our family.", {'entities': [(7, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When we moved to CA I could not believe what my dishes looked like coming out of the dishwasher due to the hard water. Someone recommended Lemi Shine. This stuff is a miracle worker takes all the film and spots off dishes and makes them look new again.', {'entities': [(139, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Before my sister told me about this product, I was always having to soak my silverware in vinegar to take away the hard water build up. Likewise on dishes. Now I just simply use Lemi Shine Booster and everything is sparkling.', {'entities': [(178, 188, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Our apartment has extremely hard water and we get an abundance of calcium buildup on our dishes. We started using Lemi Shine Booster about 6 months ago and our dishes just sparkle!! It also took care of the inside of our apartment supplied dishwasher and removed all the stains and rust buildup! I will not do dishes without it!!', {'entities': [(114, 124, 'PRODUCT')]})
('does exactly what I wanted and that was to counter our hard water conditions. All dishes and glassware come out sparkling with this product. Prior to usage of Lemi Shine Booster dishes and glassware were cloudy.', {'entities': [(159, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Our previous 10 year old washer was leaving a white film on all our dishes and silverware. We called a friend (service provider) to check if the problem was with the dishwasher or with the water softener. He asked us to call Sears service. The lady came and after inspecting said that if I used Lemi Shine as the detergent (greater quantity) that would improve the cleanness of the dishes. I kid you not, the dishes came out perfectly shining without the nasty white cloudly film. I couldn't be happier and we've been using this as detergent since then.", {'entities': [(295, 305, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My water is ridiculously hard and dishes would come out white. Without the water softener, Lemi Shine did the trick and after 2 washes, the dishes came out like new. Now with the water softener and using a lesser amount of Lemi Shine during each use, my dishes still look great and the dishwasher also remains cleaner. After a couple years of use, I still smile when I pull perfectly clean dishes out of the dishwasher. Thank you, Lemi Shine!', {'entities': [(91, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have VERY hard water in my neighborhood and have fought with my dishwasher to keep my dishes clean. But ever since I purchased Lemi Shine Booster, I have not had any problems. My dishes stay clean and my dishwasher stays sparkling like new. When it starts to get a little dull, I run some booster in a hot cycle and it is new again. Thanks so much forgiving us such great products to keep my dishes clean!!!', {'entities': [(129, 139, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently ran out of Lemi Shine. I tried running my dishwasher without it with no success. It didn't matter if I used heated cleaning or heated drying, I still had terribly spotted dishes. When I use Lemi Shine, I don't use either setting and the results are great--no spotty dishes.", {'entities': [(22, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thought I needed new stainless steel flatware husband found Lemi Shine on-line at Walmart (FREE shipping! any size!) he made flatware look need, plus glasses!', {'entities': [(60, 70, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a white film inside my dishwasher and all over my dishes. I could not get rid of it. I have well water and it was hard water deposits. I found Lemi Shine online and purchased it. I followed the instructions to clean my dishwasher. I put all my white, filmy dishes in the dishwasher with vinegar and ran my dishwasher. The film came off. Going forward I used Lemi Shine booster and have never had a white film on my dishes again!!!! This is the first product I have ever found that actually works as claimed.', {'entities': [(149, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Lemi Shine booster for almost 10 years. I have a portable dishwasher and this product does the job getting rid of white residue.', {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("So we have well water and my plates and dishwasher were getting this dinginess to them. I found this idea on pinterest to add the Lemi Shine to my dishwashing routine. I put this stuff into the bottom of the dishwasher along with my dish pod and the dishes get so clean! My dishwasher also doesn't get the build up like it used to!", {'entities': [(130, 140, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We live in an area with extremely hard water and it was making our dishes really cloudy and gross looking. We have tried all of the tricks that the internet told us would work with no results. I had heard of Lemi Shine but was wary of buying another product claiming to take the film off our dishes. I was so happy that I caved and bought it. Our dishes came out beautifully the first time and every time since then. Lemi Shine is so worth it!! We are buyers for life!', {'entities': [(208, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Have been using Lemi Shine Booster in my dish washer for a few years and really love it -it really does the jobit removes tough spots and film', {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Found this under the sink - three years after the dishwasher was installed, as part of the kitchen redesign. Mujst have been left by the contractor. Used it and WOW it really works! What a difference in the way the cleaned dishes come out. We were considering replacing the dishwasher - before we found the Lemi Shine. Removes tough spots and film. Maybe redundant, but WOW That's my review WOW Lemi Shine", {'entities': [(307, 317, 'PRODUCT')]})
('My water is ridiculously hard and dishes would come out white. Without the water softener, Lemi Shine did the trick and after 2 washes, the dishes came out like new. Now with the water softener and using a lesser amount of Lemi Shine during each use, my dishes still look great and the dishwasher also remains cleaner. After a couple years of use, I still smile when I pull perfectly clean dishes out of the dishwasher. Thank you, Lemi Shine!', {'entities': [(91, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have very hard water and I hated how my glasses come out of the Dishwasher. Got Lemi Shine tried it and LOVE how my glasses and all my dishes look and feel.', {'entities': [(83, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I suffered over 30 years with my dishes coming out of the dishwasher with soap residue and white film -- glasses were cloudy. Someone posted on Facebook about using Lemi Shine so I tried it. I LOVE it! My dishes now come out sparkling. The glasses are clear. I do not feel soap on my hands after emptying the dishwasher. The inside of my stainless steel dishwasher looks brand new. This stuff is awesome.', {'entities': [(165, 175, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Lemi Shine for a couple of years now and I find it to be of exceptional quality and lives up to it's claims. What I want to add to this product is this. My husband accidentally put the Lemi Shine in the first cycle and the Cascade in the second wash. I had been having trouble with cloudiness despite the fact that I use a rinse aid. The results of that mistake proved to be a wonderful thing. Not only were my dishes cleaner but the cloudiness was completely gone. We thought that was a fluke so we did this repeatedly and still got the same results. I have since stocked up on Lemi Shine just in case it becomes unavailable or sold out to quick. Thank you for such a great product. Julia G. of Az.", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Lemi Shine in the dishwasher for 4 years. It works great to help get those dishes sparkly clean. Otherwise there is a film and water spots on my dishes. I have also mixed it with baking soda to clean the toilets and drains! Love it!', {'entities': [(18, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
('A friend who has hard well water was so disgusted with her dishes looking like they had a milky film after they had been through the dish washer. She is the friend who discovered Lemi Shine and I have been a loyal customer for several years. I cannot say enough good things about this product!!!', {'entities': [(179, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this for quite awhile and I'm VERY happy that I am using it. Here in Oklahoma, we have pretty hard water. By using Lemi Shine in the dishwasher, it makes a world of difference!!", {'entities': [(131, 141, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I live in the country and have well water. Lemi Shine is the ONLY product that gets rid of my hard water spots and discoloration! It is the ONLY product I use in my dishwasher. I also use the dishwasher and wash machine cleaners and keeps my machines running amazing and no longer clogs up with hard water residue build up. Cannot RAVE about Lemi Shine enough!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!', {'entities': [(43, 53, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We live in AZ and after 5 years of using other brands of boosters and cleaners, we still had build up that was breaking our dishwasher. After using this product alongside the Lemi Shine detergent, our dishwasher is free of hard water build up. Our dishes are cleaner and our dishwasher is starting to shine again! It's difference that you can actually see!", {'entities': [(175, 185, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Lemi Shine is the best product out there for for spot free dishes. I won't use anything else.", {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('This is the best product, you would never know that I have well water. I can not live without it! I also make a spray for the shower walls, no more soap scum or water spots. Love Lemi Shine!', {'entities': [(179, 189, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I first heard about Lemi-Shine from a coworker. Not sure how we ended up on the topic of spotted dishware - particular drinking glasses - but I'm sure glad we did! I'd recently moved into a new apartment and was dismayed to discover that after every use of the dishwasher, my dishes were covered with white, hard water spots. As soon as I added Lemi-Shine (I use it as a booster by adding it to the spot for extra detergent) the spots stopped showing up - and it took the spots off the dishes I'd previously washed. I ended up washing EVERY SINGLE DISH in my apartment - and EVERY spot was gone. Can't say enough good about this product! I've since used the Lemi Shine products to clean my dishwasher and garbage disposal - made my sink especially smell good!", {'entities': [(658, 668, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I used your lemi shine rinsert aid in my dishwasher and was pleasantly surprised. I follow directions and turned off heated dry and my dishes came out literally spotless. This is the first time I shut off the dry cycle. With Lemi Shine I can save energy money. And it lasts for several washes.', {'entities': [(225, 235, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Been using this Lemi Shine in my dishwasher fo about two weeks. First of all we have very hard water here. The dishes in the dish washer look foggy and hard water spots on them. But since using Lemi Shine all of our silverware and glasses look sparkling clean and have no water spots at all. No film either like another brand I was using left my dishes feeling sticky. My dishwasher also seemed cleaned after use with a nice clean smell. I am really surprised by this product and I am glad I was Introduced to it. I will be a Lemi Shine user forever. I can't wait to try other Lemi Shine products in my household.", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
('i love Lemi Shine my dishes didnt smell like fish after i put it in the dishwasher', {'entities': [(7, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I just want to share. My dishes ALWAYS come out foggy and the plastics come out with white stains when I use the dishwasher. I've switched dishwasher pads and nothing. I can hand wash and it'll be clean, but then if I stick the clean dish into the dishwasher, it comes out foggy or white. I bought this LemiShine and it has made a night and day difference. Glasses were shiny. Plastics didn't have white film. The first spoon was a normal wash without Lemi Shine. The second spoon was with it.", {'entities': [(452, 462, 'PRODUCT')]})
("We have incredibly hard well water. It coats the glasses, dishes and pans with white. Nothing, repeat, nothing did the job of cleaning them to a clear sparkle, After trying dozens of miracle name brand hard water spot removers that claimed to do the job and didn't I tried Lemi Shine. It was/is incredible! I've been using it for years now. I'm glad it's finally getting shelf space in the big retail markets.Try it.", {'entities': [(273, 283, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The hard water in our city left a film on our dishes. When the repairman came out, he recommended Lemi Shine and changed our lives!!! We were ready to get a new dishwasher and after the FIRST wash with Lemi Shine, NO MORE FILM!!! Thank you, thank you, thank you!!', {'entities': [(98, 108, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was desperate to find a solution for cloudy glasses and smokey looking plastic items, and water splotched flatware/silverware in the dishwasher. Based on research and review decided to give Lemi Shine a try. (I also used the shine and rinse) Was totally pleased. Visible improvement after the first washing. Within a few wash -loads the glasses were clear and flatware/silverware was sparkling and the plastics looked clean. Definitely worth the cost of adding a booster to any regular detergent.', {'entities': [(192, 202, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We live in an area with extremely hard water and it was making our dishes really cloudy and gross looking. We have tried all of the tricks that the internet told us would work with no results. I had heard of Lemi Shine but was wary of buying another product claiming to take the film off our dishes. I was so happy that I caved and bought it. Our dishes came out beautifully the first time and every time since then. Lemi Shine is so worth it!! We are buyers for life!', {'entities': [(208, 218, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Rural water district drilled wells, water extremely hard. Buildup on dishes inside dishwasher. Lemi Shine removed gritty calcium build up on dishes flatware. Fantastic cleaner!!', {'entities': [(95, 105, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was having problems w/ my Dishes having Spots ( especially my Tea Glasses )on them and had been looking for a product that would solve this problem . I just happen to run across Lemi Shine Booster in the Super Market - best thing I have found to solve my problem . I always make sure I have it on hand now. I have Never found any other product that works so well to eliminate Spots . My only regret is that I didn't find it sooner. Thank you for such a Awesome product !", {'entities': [(180, 190, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was the best product I could've purchased! We have hard rusty water and the film on my dishes coming out of the dishwasher was GROSS! I was ready to throw them out and buy new. We had tried several other products, brand name to no name. Then we saw the Lemi Shine Booster and decided to give it a try, best decision ever!!! My dishes went from trash worthy to looking crystal clean and brand new! It took a couple washings and in addition to using the rinse aid the y have, I'll never buy anything else! I just wish I could find their dishwasher packs that they offer, I have yet to find them in my area!", {'entities': [(258, 268, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have used Lemi Shine products for the 5 years I've lived in Texas! It is a miracle worker for getting rid of hard water build up on dishes! I use the booster with my dishwashing detergent and its incredible! I can't wait to use the other products they sell!", {'entities': [(12, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using this stuff for 3 years. I never heard of it before moving to FL. The water here is horrible (I have well water and lots of calcium/lime) and using regular dishwasher tabs simply didn't do the job. I had ashy dishes and glasses, caked on foods that should have washed off and couldn't get the film off unless I scrubbed the dishes AFTER being washed in the dishwasher. I don't have time for that. Someone told me to get Lemi Shine Booster, and I have been hooked. I don't run my dishwasher without it. You must use this if you have hard well water. No residue, no after taste, no extra work/cleaning. I love this stuff!", {'entities': [(437, 447, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Lemi Shine for 5 years now. The water in our town is rated a 34 on a scale of 1-10.5!!! No joke. It has kept my dishwasher running with no build up and my dishes nice and clean. This review was collected as part of a promotion.", {'entities': [(10, 20, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I had a white film inside my dishwasher and all over my dishes. I could not get rid of it. I have well water and it was hard water deposits. I found Lemi Shine online and purchased it. I followed the instructions to clean my dishwasher. I put all my white, filmy dishes in the dishwasher with vinegar and ran my dishwasher. The film came off. Going forward I used Lemi Shine booster and have never had a white film on my dishes again!!!! This is the first product I have ever found that actually works as claimed.', {'entities': [(149, 159, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was introduced to this product 5 years ago after moving to a city with extreme hard water. Was so frustrated with spotty dishes and glassware as well as a dishwasher that was coated white inside. Was asked at a meet and greet, if I was enjoying our new area, and I joked I loved everything but the hard water! That's when someone told me to get Lemi Shine Booster. Did a no dishes cleanse of the machine first and 75 of the 15 years of grime came off on the first try. Holy Moly! Next with dishes and have never NOT used it since. Has saved my dishes and my sanity.", {'entities': [(347, 357, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using Lemi Shine Booster for the past three years. I love how clean it keeps my dishes and dishwasher.", {'entities': [(16, 26, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I live in a hard water area and my dishwasher was leaving a white reside on everything, glasses plates, plastic storage containers, etc. Not anymore. Lemi Shine detergent booster is great! It's all gone!", {'entities': [(150, 160, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We tried a sample of Lemi Shine booster and it forever changed the way we wash our dishes', {'entities': [(21, 31, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this product for several years and am completely overwhelmed in the difference between this product and my previous product. Before I started using Lemi Shine my dishes were cloudy and my dishwasher had hard water stains in the bottom which I couldn't get out. After just a few times of using Lemi Shine the dinginess is gone from both my dishes and dishwasher. Lemi Shine does its cleaning of the dishwasher at the same time it's cleaning the dishes. Lemi Shine works!", {'entities': [(164, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of Lemi Shine detergent booster and was very impressed. My dishes were spotless! They were shiny and clean, they haven't looked that way in a while. I will definitely be purchasing this product.", {'entities': [(23, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I use this every time I run the dishwasher. We have extremely hard well water and it is so hard on dishes and leaves spots. When I add Lemi Shine to my dishwasher along with my regular detergent it leaves my dishes clean and sparkling.', {'entities': [(135, 145, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of the Lemi Shine detergent booster and used it just because it was free and I didn't need junk laying around. I am hesitant to use my dishwasher because I always seems to leave gunk or a film behind on my dishes and I wind up re-washing them. I used half of a sample pack in this dishwasher. I had pots, pans, tupperware and glass items in the wash and surprisingly, all of the dishes were spotless. I didn't use the booster a few times after I washed dishes because I forgot I still had half a sample remaining and caught myself re-washing dishes. I put two and two together and used the remaining sample in the next load I did and voila, SPOTLESS. I'm eager to try other products in this brand's line.", {'entities': [(27, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This has to be the best product I have ever used for my dishwasher. I moved to a new house 2 years ago where we have had a bad problem with hard water. It was to the point where we could not use our dishwasher because of the buildup and stains on our dishes. I tried every product I could find that targeted hard water issues, but nothing worked until I found Lemi Shine. Now you would never know I had an issue with hard water looking at my dishes or dishwasher. I have recommended this product to all of my friends and family who are all now everyday users of the product. I now use many other products in the Lemi Shine family, and can't wait for any new ones to be introduced!", {'entities': [(360, 370, 'PRODUCT')]})
('When we moved to CA I could not believe what my dishes looked like coming out of the dishwasher due to the hard water. Someone recommended Lemi Shine. This stuff is a miracle worker takes all the film and spots off dishes and makes them look new again.', {'entities': [(139, 149, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a free sample of Lemi Shine Detergent booster. I never tried this product before. I put it in my dishwasher threw away the package it came in and ran my dishwasher. When the cycle was over I opened up my dishwasher and to my surprise not only were my dishes sparkling my dishwasher looked brand new on the inside. I was shocked and delighted. Unfortunately I had to go digging through my garbage can outside to find the small package it came in because I didn't think it was going to work and I didn't remember the name of the product. I found the packaging and I'll be buying your wonderful product! Ps my boy friend opened the dishwasher to put a glass in and said wow you did a good job cleaning the dishwasher.", {'entities': [(28, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lemi Shine is a wonderful product that I highly recommend. I bought it to solve a problem. My glasses and silverware came out of the dishwasher dull and spotted. I was tired of rewashing them to only be disappointed again. Lemi Shine is a winner in my book!', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Lemi Shine Booster really works, I have hard water and this really solves the spot build up problem.', {'entities': [(0, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've had cloudy glasses for years and was ready to throw them away. My brother told me about Lemi Shine Booster so I tried it. The difference is unbelievable. After just 1 washing, my glasses looked new. I'll never do a load of dishes without it.", {'entities': [(93, 103, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received a sample of Lemi Shine Booster for my dishwasher and I absolutely am delighted with the results. Before I used this product, my glasses, flatware, and dishes were clean, but, now they are crystal clean. They shine like they did when they were brand new. I was a bit skeptical at first, but after I used Lemi Sheer, I noticed the difference after the first wash. I am very happy with this product and will be buying it from now on. It truly did what it said it would and the fresh scent is an added bonus!', {'entities': [(23, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We have hard water and it makes our dishes look dirty and discolored. With Lemi Shine that is no longer an issue. This review was collected as part of a promotion.', {'entities': [(75, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
('We moved to the country and my dishwasher kept having a film on everything. Then my sister told me about Lemi Shine and I used and loved it every since.', {'entities': [(105, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Mrs. Smith's Original Flaky Crust Cherry Pie baked up with a nice Golden Brown Crust, but when you went to eat the pie, the crust was pretty tough. The filling in the pie was pretty bland and didn't have much flavoe.", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Mrs. Smith's cherry pies are wonderful and so delicious served with vanilla ice cream!", {'entities': [(0, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This item was installed recently and although it says it has double check valves, neither seems to be doing its job. Despite doing a direct exchange (no other parts were changed out), this primer bulb would not pump fuel or pressurize. Fuel can be heard flowing back into the fuel tank when the primer bulb is sqeezed and it would not pump fuel from the tank into the line at all. With the old primer bulb, which cracked due to age, you could hear the check valve flutter when squeezed, which lets you know it is working properly there is no sound whatsoever with this bulb. I didn't keep my receipt, so I'm out the money and unless you keep a receipt for a 14 item, Attwood's 2-year warranty is useless. I have used Attwood bulbs in the past and some work well while others seem to be prone to having this issue. I recommend spending a little extra money and buying a higher quality primer bulb.", {'entities': [(667, 674, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been buying Pop Tarts for my son for years. But lately it's been increasingly difficult to find them with no frosting. I did some research and found the Kellog's Nutri-Grain bars and am very pleased with them. Fewer calories and fat content than Pop Tarts, and they don't have the extra calories from the sugar pf any frosting. They have a lot more fruit in them and the taste is very good. So happy that I found these. The only negative is that they are more expensive online, and, also a little cheaper in other stores, especially when on sale. I highly recommend this product.", {'entities': [(167, 178, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My husband loves the Kellogg's Nutri-Grain bars. He eats them with his coffee in the morning, if he needs just a bite to hold him until supper, and often as an evening snack while watching TV. His favorite flavors are the strawberry and the mixed berry. Our 2 year old grandson loves them too. (I don't mean to imply that I don't like them, I've just never tried them.)", {'entities': [(31, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Skittles needs to bring back the lime or take the word original off the bag so these kids don't grow up living a lie. Also, lime is the taste of the rainbow", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Skittles needs to bring back the lime or take the word original off the bag so these kids don't grow up living a lie. Also, lime is the taste of the rainbow", {'entities': [(0, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I usually love Kiss Products but I received these in my Spring Fling VoxBox from Influenster to try for free and they barely stayed on my nails for 2 days. I'd like to add in here I do my nails all the time and my other brands stay on for much longer and I have far less issues with bubbles in the glue. It was a disaster. I would not buy these ever again. Sorry Kiss, your other products are super awesome!", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have small fingers, like really small (size 3 wedding band and engagement ring), so I had trouble getting these nails down to the right size for my nails. I received, free for testing, Kiss Everlasting French in Real Short Length. The problem for me is that ALL my fingers required size 11 (which there are only 2 of), because my nail beds are longer and my fingernails are so narrow, and I had to do a lot of filing down. My thumbs were no problem. They were a good product, but probably easier to use for someone who has more normal/proportionate fingernails. Also, if you are just looking for a quick spruce up, for an event that evening, these nails are perfect. Don't start doing yard work or a lot of dishes, but they should have no problem hanging on for a few days if you aren't rough on them. Much better for your nails then getting gel or acrylic put on and (as long as you don't have to resize them all) a lot quicker!", {'entities': [(187, 191, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the Kiss Everlasting French Nail Tip in Real Short length complimentary from Influenster in my Spring Fling Vox Box for testing and review and I was very excited! I haven't had my nails done in ages and I wanted my hands to feel pretty again. The problem is that even with excessive filing and shaping the nails did not fit my small and nearly nonexistent nail bed. Obviously not the fault of this product and strictly genetics but I couldn't even properly try them. When I did finally get one that would fit to my nails, you could see my very short nail through the very translucent fake nail and it ruined the effect. The nails popped off easily and within less than 30 minutes I had lost two nails, and more shortly afterwards. Again, not saying it is the fault of the product entirely but, I can't with good conscious recommend them to others, especially after browsing the reviews of others. Sadly this was a fail for me and most Kiss products I've tried in the past are great so maybe it's a fluke! Ether way, very grateful to Influenster AND Kiss for allowing me to test and review this product.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Kiss Everlasting French Nails. I have tried press on nails before and have never been to impressed by them. They fall off, look cheap and you can tell you didn't go to a nail salon for them. I'm sad to say that I haven't even painted my nails since I had my daughter in February. My nails have been nice though. Have the press on nails is like a little treat for me. I just feel better when my nails are done or painted! They were quick and simple to apply just find the right size apply the glue press and hold then snap off the little number tab and you're good to go. They look great, not cheap and took minutes to apply rather than a long time in the salon. Now it may just be that I didn't sit long enough before I started doing stuff with them but I did have two pop over that I had to reapply. They were easily out back on though and I haven't had any come off since.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been a fan of Kiss' press-on products for a few years now so I was really excited to try their Everlasting French kit when I received it as a sample from Influenster. Since it was my first time using a glue-on style fake nail there was a bit of a learning curve but I managed to have both hands done in under 15 minutes and man did they look gorgeous! The main issue I was having was knowing just how much glue each nail needed to set properly. For the first few fingers I had enough to make them stick but you could see if you looked at them closely that there were parts where no glue was. This also became a problem the next day when my 4 year old had a tantrum in a store and as I went to pick her up she caught one and it ripped off right there in the store. Ouch!!! After a day wearing them though I found that because my natural nails are VERY flat my fingers were all very sore from the pressure of the nails trying to lay curved. So I went and bought some acetone polish remover and spent the better part of an hour (we were watching a movie and it took more than 2/3 of it to get them and all the glue off). It was not my idea of easy at all. Not to mention the fact that it was extremely messy. So overall, while these are awesome looking and will last for days they might not be for flat fingered types or those who don't want to spend an hour getting them off. I would, however, highly recommend them for special occasions like weddings or as a budget friendly alternative to going to the salon for those who don't mind the removal process.", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used this brand in the past and had amazing results. Kiss provides you with a salon look right at home. They are also great for tween and teenage girls.', {'entities': [(60, 64, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Kiss Everlasting French nails are perfect for a big event when you don't want to spend a lot of money. They stay on, feel sturdy, look nice, are the perfect length.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't owned false nails in about 20 years but man has technology come a long way. These guys look amazing and look great for days. Big thanks to Influenster and Kiss for sending me a set to try out.", {'entities': [(165, 169, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I got the Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails, Pearl White Tip courtesy of Influenster and their SpringVoxBox. When I first got them, my initial impression was meh. I usually get my nails done at a salon and have never considered any of these home kits. After opening the package and reading the instructions, my first thoughts were that: 1. it seemed like an easy process to to put on. 2. I liked that there were multiple sizes. 3. They were soft and flexible (looked like it would fit the nail well) I decided to try them on immediately and wow! --they were definitely easy to put on! I loved that you could file them down (easily) to match your nail shape. Putting them on, they looked great on my nails. Very natural and pretty! I also liked that because you glued them on, you could easily add designs on the nail prior to gluing them. The only con is that if you've never done them before (like me), you could get air bubbles. Anyways, the nails looked so great and I immediately got compliments from my family. They're supposed to last a couple days, however, I think due to my mistake of not gluing them on correctly, but also because I was trying on wetsuits, I did manage to take one off the 2nd day I wore them. So I did end up taking them off and I have to say that it was easy to remove also. They removed painlessly (I was terrible, I pulled them off) and my nails look fine. Final thoughts: I can't believe I used to pay 40 for salon french tips (acrylics). Never again. These totally won me over to the home kits and I like that they're customizable! Love them! BUY THEM. PS. I couldn't upload a pic (website issues) so here's the link to my reviews and photos: http://tibbyme.tumblr.com/post/87276855984/influenster-spring-voxbox-initial-review", {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("This was my first time to apply artificial nails in thirty years and it will probably be another thirty years until I do it again. Long nails just aren't for me. I usually file my nails down to the quick so I can't really get used to these but if you are used to having long nails, whether real or artificial, you'll really like these. The tab makes them easy to apply and each tab is numbered with its size so you can easily find its mate for your other hand. It's a good idea to write the numbers and in what order they are applied so you won't have to do it the next time. Fit them to the sides of your nail, not just the nail bed to find your best fit. Bear in mind that the numbers are guidelines for the opposite hands but that the sizes may vary so be sure to test before applying. This is not some innocuous nail glue, this is Super Glue and bonding time in is milliseconds so there's no time for trial and error. The tab helps with placement and the nail could not be put on easily without it so be careful not to bend it too much before you apply it. I made an error and ended up having to soak my finger in an acetone-based nail polish remover for an hour (no kidding) to nail that I had gotten out of sequence. I'm not a patient woman so if you're likely to mess up, you might want to get someone to help you apply the nails. There is a no-chip guarantee and I can attest that the nails are quite durable and I doubt you could chip them with a sandblaster. So these are definitely long-lasting. The pale pink nail and white crescent of the classic French manicure is quite pretty and is high quality. There is also a pale peach and white for those who prefer that color instead. If you like the look, they have Kiss everlasting French in Toes, too, for that perfect pedicure.", {'entities': [(1723, 1727, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I will admit, as a person who does not like fake nails, I was a little wary at first, but i really do like this product. Kiss nails are easy to apply, and they don't fall off easily. Its like getting salon nails without the salon price, and the no drying time is definitely a plus!", {'entities': [(121, 125, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I liked the Kiss Everlasting French manicure. I wouldn't suggest purchasing this product for long term wear, but they are perfect and very polished looking for a one day or night event. They look elegant and provide a professional, polished look to your manicure.", {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails with the Pearl White Tip free from the Spring Fling Voxbox from Influenster to review. I must say I was pleasantly surprised. I loved the nail bed color. The application was easy. The only thing that I had a problem with was the glue, it was my first time trying them so it did get a little messy on a couple of fingers but it went great otherwise.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French nails complimentary for testing purposes and I was really surprised to see how nice they looked! I am used to fake nails looking dull and super fake but these nails look just as good as any acrylic nails I've ever gotten. They don't chip and the application process was very easy. I am so happy I got the opportunity to try out these nails!", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These French Manicure Nails from Kiss are great because they aren't too long and don't get in the way when typing on my keyboard. They are easy to apply and you can embellish them if you like with other polish. The packaging could be improved as the nails spilled all out as soon as I opened it. Very nice product. I received this free as part of a Springflingvoxbox from Influenster.com.", {'entities': [(33, 37, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was given this product to try review. I've not liked press on nails for years after trying them once or buying the kiddy ones for the daughters and they always come right off or break, chip are just flimsy pathetic. Well this was exactly the opposite to my surprise. I was so very happy. I was able to put them on with ease. I didn't have a long time to wait for the glue to dry, it was almost instant. The nails were almost real feeling hard. At times I was typing away while working couldn't even remember I had on fake nails. I was highly impressed. I love acrylic nails never thought I'd say that these might just replace the acrylic nails because one, they are totally affordable two they come in so many fun patterns and colors three they come off much sooner you don't have to have them on all the time to worry about or anything. You have a special occasion if your like me finding time to beautify yourself such as nails and toes can be quite the chore. This was so quick simple that you put on, do a lil filing and out the door you can go. You can almost safely put them on in the car while on your way to the special occasion if your not the one driving, its that quick, simple easy. I will keep one on hand at all times for those emergency moments. I must also tell you that out about I didn't feel that my nails looked fake so that I'd be insecure if someone noticed them would think right off the bat that I had on press on nails. They really looked great!. A for a rating from me. Kiss everlasting French Manicure KissProducts everlastingfrench Received this product complimentary for testing purposes", {'entities': [(1498, 1502, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These nails were very easy to use. I received them free from influenster and was very happy with them. They were just the right length. I am very hard on my nails, as I work outside with horses. However, they hung in there for the most part. Since I don't do my nails because of my work I will definitely be getting Kiss Nails for my nights out etc.", {'entities': [(316, 320, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I do my own nails using acrylic or gel systems. Glue on nails and so forth are not my thing but I received the Kiss Everlasting Nails to test and review complimentary of Influenster so I put them on and gave them a try. Overall they lasted longer than I expected. Easy to apply. No chipping of the white French tip. No pop offs. Their durability in water was very good and they lasted on my nails for over 10 days. The recommended lasting time on the back of the box for these nails were 7 days. I would definitely recommend this product', {'entities': [(111, 115, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received these nails for testing purposes from Influenster in my SpringVoxBox. My daughter and I had a great time doing our nails together. There were plenty of nails included to fit us both. They were easy to apply, although I got a little heavy handed with the glue which caused some bubbles under the nails but that was my mistake. The nails have not chipped and none have come off and my nails still look great a week later. We will definitely be purchasing these again as well as trying other nails by Kiss Products.', {'entities': [(509, 513, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Kiss Everlasting French nails to try in my Influenster VoxBox and I Was incredibly impressed. First, the nails are made of quality material and they keep their shape when applying. They are sturdy, but still able to bend to fit your nail. They also hold up well to daily wear and tear like typing. I also liked that the nails were a natural looking length and the set included a wide range of widths to fit a broad spectrum of nails sizes. The coloring was also very pleasing and professional looking. This are perfect for week, a wedding, or an evening out. The nails stay on well using the included adhesive. They do not chip and quick to apply. Perfect for when you need a manicure on the go.', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails free to try from Influenster. I haven't used a product to press over my real nails since I was a teenager so I wasn't sure how I would like them. However, I have a professional job and my hands need to look professional at all times. Some days I just don't have the time to devote to my nails and these are perfect for those days. I still prefer to do my nails myself and let my real nail speak for itself but I will use these for sure in a pinch. They looked natural enough to pass for a salon manicure at a glance. There were enough different sizes included in the box that fit was not an issue. They are also very affordable and readily available.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Kiss Everlasting French nails are easy for even those who usually don't deal with their nails much. The tabs allow easy application, no worrying about getting the nails stuck to your fingers anymore. The nails are flexible and with lots of extra nails you're more likely to find one that fits your nail bed. The short length makes them easy to handle once you have them on. I did have to file the thumbnail down because the length was still long, but they file easily so you can shape them any way you want. I buffed my nail bed up a little to make sure there was a rough surface for the glue to adhere to. Just a little tip for anyone who tries these in the future :)", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Kiss nails before and I always love the finished product. I can normally wear them for about a week, before I soak them off because my real nails are growing so fast. I used the short length, this time around and I had to file my real nails down just so they would fit. After that the finished product was amazing, shining, and looked natural. However the next day (after applying them) I had 2 fall off, and a third fell off while I was eating. The other nails stayed on for a couple of more days before I removed them. Kiss Nails I love you, I do, But I think I will stick to the natural short, or medium length in the future.', {'entities': [(12, 16, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received these for free from Influenster and Kiss however the following opinion is my own honest one. These nails were easy to apply and very durable. And look great on and don't look super fake.", {'entities': [(47, 51, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These artificial nails are a girls dream! If you're on a budget and a time crunch, do yourself a favor and get these! They are very user friendly, my toddler can do it! They don't damage your original nail either, which is great! No more hours wasted in a salon waiting for someone to give you a manicure. You can do these in the comfort of your own home with the assurance your new Kiss nails will last up to a week with no chips! They are gorgeous and come in a variety of styles, but the Short Length French Pearl Tip is my favorite. It's a classic, and the short length is good for girls on the go! No worries about them getting caught on something and falling off. These are great! Much cheaper than other artificial nails and a ton cheaper than gel nails or acrylics at a salon!", {'entities': [(383, 387, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I did these nails for my mom who has never done any acrylics or press ons of any kind ever. I applied these in less that 10 minutes and they look so great on her! The length is perfect, the color is perfect, and they are so easy to put on. This is a great product, and you can tell very well thought through by the Kiss company. It was awesome to see how well they worked and we are on day 4 and still no lifting or chipping or shaping issues.', {'entities': [(315, 319, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I haven't worn nail tips in years and I was prepared for a hot mess but I was pleasantly surprised with these Kiss Nails. They were the perfect length for me because i use a computer all day for my job and I don't have time to be pecking. They are also so real looking and finding the perfect fit was easy. This was my first experience with the taps on each nail, and it made it easy to place the nail on top of the glue. I would recommend.", {'entities': [(110, 114, 'PRODUCT')]})
('The Kiss Everlasting French Nails were great! Quick and easy to put on. The extra short are great having two littles. They did only last a total of 5 days. In that 5 days I did have to glue a couple back on day 3. BUT thats not bad for DIY nails! I will use them again!', {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Kiss Everlasting French manicure set for free in my Influenster SpringVoxBox. I was so excited to test these out, and really impressed with the end result! Affordable, easy to apply, comfortable to wear, and no chips!', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am attending a wedding this weekend and I don't have time to get my nails done and I remembered I had the Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails and they were perfect. They look very natural and were very easy to apply.", {'entities': [(108, 112, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a box of Kiss Everlasting French Nails in Real Short length for testing purposes - being a person that doesn't normally buy nails as I'll just paint my own, these took a few minutes to get the hang of, but after one or two nail applications I had them down. The glue dries really fast and you don't have to worry about slippage or anything like that because of it. I did get some air spots under a few of my nails and I've had about three come off since I put them on three days ago, but I was just able to file the glue down and reapply them with more glue. It is really quite simple and I've received many complements on how natural the nails look as well as the length. There are 28 in a box and that is more than enough to get the perfect fit for your nails and I am fairly certain mine will last the full 10 days - if another falls off, I'll keep my glue handy and just reapply them! This is an easy to use and inexpensive way to get a high-class look without going to the salon!", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have received a box of Kiss Everlasting French Nails to review as a member of Influenster. I have officially had my nails on for a week, and I believe they are almost ready to come off. The nails were very easy to apply - tip: make sure you put glue near the edges on both your nail and the artificial nail - air bubbles will cause your nail to pop right off the next day. Also, careful not to get glue on the artificial nail - it messes up the topcoat and looks horrible. Once applied, I did normal chores like washing dishes, bathing kids, cooking, cleaning. I think the life of a few of nails were shortened by the hot water I use to clean and wash dishes. I noticed them starting to loosen after that. The box says wear over 7 days is not recommended, and it can be removed by acetone polish remover. I've taken a few off and can say, have a nail buffer and some hardening polish ready, because your nails will be weak afterwards! (which happens with every artificial nail application) Overall, it was a great fix-up for boring short nails - it made it look like I had a salon manicure", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my french everlasting nails in my spring vox box complimentary thanks to Influenster. I was super excited to try these for my brothers graduation, because I wasnt really wanting to pay 50 for one at the salon. I was a little nervous, however, because usually, my experience with these kinds of products (i.e., fake eyelashes and any things that must be applied with glue) is not good. Surprisingly, however, the instructions were quite simple and the actual application was too. It was literally glue and stick em on. Not to mention, they looked fantastic and pretty similar to its salon counterpart. The only thing I didnt like about the nails was the fact that they were a little fragile. I had a few of them pop off when I hit them on something. But the ease of simply gluing the thing back on made up for any issues. I would definitely recommend Kiss Everlasting French Nails!', {'entities': [(861, 865, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Kiss Everlasting French Nails. Artificial nails. I know, right That is exactly what I thought when I saw the package. I have never used fake nails in my adult life and when I dabbled in them as a pre-teen, they looked tacky and never lasted more than a day. But for the sake of experimenting, I decided to give these a chance. Let me tell you, DIY artificial nails have come a long, long way since I was 12 years old! Kiss Everlasting French Nails were easy to put on, just apply the glue and press them into place. I was sent the real short length which works well for my lifestyle of chasing a toddler. They stayed on for well over a week and stayed neat and clean looking. If I ever need to have fancy looking hands for a special occasion I will go the Kiss Everlasting French Nail route! Great value compared to having your nails done in a salon.', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Kiss everlasting nails are my first go to whenever I either don't have time to go to get my nails done or if I am on a budget and still want the next best thing. Of course they do not last as long as an acrylic set but they still give me that girly, cute, clean cut feeling. My reason for knocking off one star is because the glue could be a little more adhesive. Sometimes the nails will snap off and I would not even notice until later but I suppose you get what you pay for. All around, I would recommend. Tips: Apply a generous amount of the nail glue when you apply the nails, and use the tool to wipe the excess before it dries. This will eliminate some possible bubbles and will make them stay on a while longer. Wait AT LEAST 30 minutes before you decide to pull up those skinny jeans or anything like that. It might even be better to have someone help you apply them it makes it quicker and easier if you have trouble with your less dominant hand. Oh, and I do find that adding a little extra touch with your own polishes compliments the nails nicely (small strokes, matte coat, whatever you like), but only if you feel confident enough to.", {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm not a big fan of real short nails but these are very nice and looks just like you got your nails done! They are easy to apply and stayed on for about 48 hours, but I'm a mom at home cooking and cleaning so that may be a reason they didn't last that long on me. I would recommend these to anyone, their great for a night out or an event. I got to review Kiss Everlasting French Manicure for free courtesy of Influenster.", {'entities': [(357, 361, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'd like to begin this by saying I have a really bad nail biting habit. I can't seem to stop and I have tried. So, fake nails are a comfort for me because I can't just bite them off and make them look are jacked and sad like my real nails. For people with the same problem, I am really going to recommend this product because they are easy to put on and inexpensive at around 6.69. The product is Kiss Everlasting French Nails and I received it complimentary for testing purposes in my Spring Vox Box from Influentser. You start the process by removing all nail polish and oil from your nails. Then you go in with the manicure stick included and push back your cuticles. You are supposed to trim your nails as well, but since I chew mine down so much I was able to skip this step. Next, you pick out the sizes you are going to use for each finger. You can trim the sides a bit with the nail file if needed. Then you hold the nails by the tab and apply the glue. You also add a little glue to your natural nail. Then you apply the nail slowly and hold until it sticks. Wipe the excess glue. Then just bend the tab and twist to remove it. After that you just apply a top coat and you are all done. :) You have adorable little nails. A couple things I will say though. First, these nails aren't intended to last longer than 10 days. I'm sure they can, but they aren't made to. Also, mine ended up a bit crooked to really make sure you're getting them on straight.", {'entities': [(397, 401, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My opinion of the Kiss Everlasting French is they are a little long I put them on exactly how they were in the box for the first time to see how they were straight out of the box. I think they're little long and I personally would have trimmed them down so they were not so long. It is very hard to type and do other things especially with my kids with long nails when you are not used to them. Next day I did trim down. Like them better like this. Tip though check first so that you can trim from the top so you still have the nice french color more! Days later: I have popped them all off. They came off slowly one by one. I would say for a special occasion or night out these are great. More than 1-2 weeks is pushing it. Still they held up and didn't chip/break. I relieved these complimentary products for testing purposes from Influenster", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my Everlastingfrench Kiss Nails in my SpringVoxBox compliments of Influenster. I was hesitant about the real short length because I usually prefer longer nails but the length is perfect! They give instant classic look to your nails but still allow you to function without the feel of extra long nails. The application process was super simple, but be careful to not put too much glue on because if it squeeze from under the nails it gets a bit sticky on your other fingers. My only complaint is I have long nail beds and I had to improvise on how I put a few on to make it look like it fit on my nail. Overall I would recommend this product.', {'entities': [(32, 36, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the new Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Tip nails from Influenster for free to test out and I actually prefer glue-on/press-on nails compared to getting my nails done because my nail beds are oily to begin with and no matter how much I prep or they prep before hand acrylics just never stay on. So, I use these types of nails. I was so happy when I received the short length because I prefer shorter nails. These have a flexibility about them that allow them to move yet stay on your nails great. They lasted on me for about 4 days, but only because I'm rough with my nails ie. washing dishes, cleaning, ect. I think that if I were to use the heavy duty super glue for nails these would have lasted a lot longer and I plan on picking up a second pair to test this out and see. I think they look realistic - people thought I had gotten my nails done, but I explained I had gotten these to test out and where id gotten them from. I'm overall really impressed!", {'entities': [(19, 23, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received a box of Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails from Influenster to test out. I normally prefer my nails to be a little longer than this, but I was pleasantly surprised at how nice they looked once they all were on! They glue was fantastic at making them stick almost immediately - and the little tab helped so that I didn't accidentally get glue all over the fronts of the nails. My biggest issue - which not everyone will have - is that my nail beds are incredibly flat. Normally when picking out false nails, I need to go with the ones that are specifically made for flat beds. Since these are quite rounded, they do pop off my nails more easily, just because there's not as much nail actually attached directly to my real nail. Still, I just carry a thing of glue in my purse and glue it right back on - no harm done! :) I'm loving these nails!", {'entities': [(29, 33, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I adore Kiss Nails! They never chip and look natural and beautiful!', {'entities': [(8, 12, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I love how easy they are to put on. They stay on. Getting a great French Mani is easy and effortless with Kiss Everlasting!', {'entities': [(106, 110, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I'm a nail tech, and sometimes life gets so busy that I don't have time to do my nails, but when I need to go somewhere and my nails need to look decent these Kiss everlasting French tips are perfect.", {'entities': [(159, 163, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I like the Kiss everlasting French because is a easy and affordable way to have a cute and delicate nails i really like it are very durable and very stylish for the price is a good option!', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I really am impressed with the everlasting french from Kiss. It looks real and it stays on pretty good too! I def am a fan and recommend anyone to try this for that last minute french tip you may need for an event or even just for the heck of it. :)', {'entities': [(55, 59, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I am loving these Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails, Pearl White Tip nails! They are easy to apply, look great and they haven't chipped! Love the color and how they are staying on! I received this courtesy of Influenster for testing purposes and so glad I did because they are wonderful!", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Kiss Nails EverlastingFrench for review from Influenster It is very easy to apply on your nails even for beginners like me! It has a tab which makes application easier! My nails really look nice (and expensive). Overall, I love this product! Great to use on special occasions!', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. I love the way they look and feel. The are comfortable and very easy to apply. These are my favorite and I love this company's customer service. There is almost no drying time and they do not chip. Good job Kiss!", {'entities': [(284, 288, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love that with Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Tip Nails, there is no mess as I don't have to paint my nails. My nails look flawless and there's not the hassle of repainting a nail I didn't paint right. I received this product courtesy of Influenster for testing purposes.", {'entities': [(17, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These Kiss Everlasting nails are awesome! They are easy to apply with the glue and I didn't have trouble with glue air spots. They stay on great and are so much cheaper than getting acrylics at the saloon and they look just as good!", {'entities': [(6, 10, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Thanks to Kiss Nails and Influenster, I loved trying the EverlastingFrench nails for free! Easy on, Easy off - could see using these for special occasions for sure! I did round them off - never been a square nail person. Shaping them was easier than shaping my real nails. And, I painted them after a couple of days with no problems either! Thanks again for letting me sample this in my free springvoxbox!', {'entities': [(10, 14, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Who does not like a nice french manicure I have tried the Kiss everlasting french before and let me tell you its my to go french nails when I have no time to get my nails done. The best part of it is that they don't chip and they come with glue! Another amazing thing about this product is the self tabs that are easily detachable. Your nails will look amazing just like having your nails done in a salon.", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Kiss everlasting French Manicure set in the mail from Influenster via my Spring Fling VoxBox. This one I am super excited about because I dont have the money or the time to go into a salon. They are absolutely gorgeous on and has easy to use applicators that peel right off after you glue them. And the glue dries super fast.. and holds very well. Love love love my new manicure!', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product from Influenster.com in my SpringVoxBox as a complimentary product for testing purposes and I really like these nails whenever you don't have time to go to a salon Baaammm! Kiss nails gots you! I love the style as well as the length and they lasted more than I tought. What I didn't like was the application it's a bit challenging.", {'entities': [(197, 201, 'PRODUCT')]})
("As a busy mom, I just don't have time to go to the salon for a fresh looking manicure. These Kiss Nails are quick and easy to put on and you can't even tell you did them at home. My nails lasted five days (with a toddler) without losing one! The nails themselves are smooth, have great shine, and didn't chip at all. Removal was really easy too!", {'entities': [(93, 97, 'PRODUCT')]})
('As a busy mom I rarely have time to sit down at the salon and get my nails done. The Kiss Everlasting French nails was great! I was able to have a perfect French manicure in less then 10 minutes. It was easy to do, looks amazing and is long lasting. I received this product complimentary for testing purposes however all opinions are my own.', {'entities': [(85, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I would defiantly say these are the best nails I've ever tried. I usually don't use fake nails. I usually do them myself or go get them done. But these by far are one of the best. I will defiantly be buying more of these. I got the voxbox from influenster and inside were the Kiss Everlasting Short Length French tips. I LOVE THEM!!!", {'entities': [(276, 280, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I was sent the Kiss Everlasting French nails complimentary through influenster. I love the look of french manicures but in all honestly can not afford to get them done professionally and my natural nails aren't quiet long enough so the Kiss Everlasting French nails are perfect! The nails are very easy to apply and there are enough nails for you to find just the perfect fit. I also like that the kit included nail glue and a nail file. These nails would be especially perfect for a special event or night out!", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been buying the Kiss Everlasting French nails for a long time now. I never do much with my nails (I really hate my nails), but when I want them to look nice for whatever reason, this is my go-to option. The nails are really easy to apply and I always find the perfect fit for each nail. Great product! *Disclaimer: I was sent this product for free to test out as part of the Influenster VoxBox program, but I have purchased this item with my own money in the past.', {'entities': [(23, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
('** I received this product complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster. Kiss everlasting French Nails are SO easy to use and go on without hassle. With so many sized nails in the package, it is easy to find ones that fit! We are able to get 2 complete sets out of one package which makes them a great deal for our mother/daughter manicure! They look very realistic and if you get bored toward the end, they take polish on the tips very well for a quick change!', {'entities': [(80, 84, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Kiss Everlasting French Manicure nails from influenster complimentary for testing purposes and I really love them! They definitely impressed me. They have stayed on longer than I expected and do not chip. I also love the french tips and you don't have to worry about paying a huge price at the salon. I am definitely happy I was able to receive and test these.", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received tons of compliments on them ! No one even knew they were the Kiss nails until I told them . A lot if people thought I had them professionally done. I work in an office so for me they did last just about two weeks , I like that they were short Bc it made it easy to type at work. They were so easy to put on I did them 5 minutes for before my sons baseball game !', {'entities': [(72, 76, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Got to try on the Kiss Everlasting French manicure today. I'm normally not a nail person, but I'm honestly liking how easy it is to put these on. There's no discomfort with these either. You can go about your day and do whatever you have to do. There's no need to worry that they'll fall off, either. They stay on quite nicely. I'll definitely be buying these again.", {'entities': [(18, 22, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I absolutley 100 LOVE the Kiss Everlasting Real Short Length French Nails! They are awesome! Some people may say they don't last long but they can last up to 2 weeks if you apply them carefully and correctly and take care of them throughout the 2 weeks! Plus, I loved mine so much that if just one nail popped off I would glue it back on since there are extra nails in the kit! They look professional and not fake and plasticky. I have used them for school dances, special events, and just because! I seriously could wear these every day forever!", {'entities': [(26, 30, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The Kiss Everlasting French manicure set was one of the goodies sent in my Spring Fling VoxBox that I was super excited about. As I mentioned before, since I'm a working-stay-at-home mom, sometimes I don't get time in the day to brush my hair let alone spend time doing my nails. So the fact that I got this in my Spring Fling VoxBox was super convenient. This product is awesome because it has all the tools you would need and only takes about five minutes to apply. I am a tall woman so I have big hands, and these nails make my hands look good. Pros: 1. Easy and fast to apply 2. Looks Classy- makes the ordinary of tasks look good 3. Short Nails- doesn't get in the way of the day to day life activities 5. Affordable- saving about 75 of what you would be paying if you went to the Salon Cons: 1. I have nothing to complain about other than the nails come off, but it comes with the territory. I spend about 6 hours typing and I'm changing diapers, moving furniture, cooking, cleaning...so what can I expect The good thing though is that they come with extra nails to replace the ones that come off. To review this product in a nutshell: The Kiss Everlasting French Nail Manicure set is affordable, easy to apply and makes my nails look like I went and got it done in a Salon, without having to pay Salon prices. Very satisfied and more than likely will purchase **I received these products complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster**", {'entities': [(4, 8, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received my Kiss Everlasting French nails complimentary from Influenster to test out. The length is perfect for anyone who likes a functional length for keyboards or cellphones and the finish is very clean. It looks like I put on a coat of shellac without having to paint my nails! Very easy to use, the glue is very much like a super glue type so getting it off your fingers can be fun! Would highly recommend for anyone short on time who needs a quick manicured look or someone who just wants to enhance their nails!', {'entities': [(14, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received Kiss Nails Everlasting french courtesy of influenster in my spring fling vox box. Now, I love manicure and pedicures, and loved getting my nails done. But alas the life of a stay at home mom means giving up my love for getting my nails done. Ive never tried the press on nails that you can buy in the store because well to be honest, Ive not heard any good things about any of them. So when I received these, I rolled my eyes and thought great, these things will what last a week Well I love them. Theyre easy to apply, and have lasted 2 weeks. The length also made it easy to type, text, open car doors, things that generally are harder when you have fake nails on.', {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've always been under the impression that faux nails were too easy and therefore wouldn't be of any quality, fall off in a few hours, wouldn't fit etc... Was I wrong! First of all, let me say how easy-peasy these are to apply thanks to the tabs, next how natural they look! I truly am amazed. Then let me say how they filled the box full of sizes shapes to fit even my wonky and uneven nail beds. Lastly, they did not chip or budge for over a week! Do you even have to ask if I recommend these Of course I recommend these, especially this brand -I can't begin to tell you how I stand behind Kiss Products. They're QUALITY, QUANTITY QUALIFY for my extremely tight budget.", {'entities': [(592, 596, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received the Kiss Everlasting French nails from Influenster complimentary for testing and review purposes. I found they were great! I love how quick and easy they were to put on. The length is perfect for an active individual, like myself, so they don't get in the way of typing, crafting, or any other activity. All total they only took me about 10 minutes from nail clipping to dry to put on. The longest part being picking out which nail I needed for which nail on my hand to make sure I had a perfect fit. They look beautiful and natural on and feel great! I would highly recommend this product and would definitely use it again.", {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I love the Kiss everlasting nails for when my nails are being difficult and I want pretty hands. I tend to use the impress ones for short term wear, but these are perfect for when I need them to last more than a day or two. I am also really pleased that these come in the Real short length, because the other lengths are all way too long to be comfortable on me (I always wear my nails really short--sometimes too short, which is where these nails come in!). Kiss brand false nails are most definitely my favorite and the ones I always gravitate toward. I've used other brands, but these ones fit me the best and last the longest. Big thanks to Influenster and the Spring Vox Box for sending me a set of these to use for free :)", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have gotten endless compliments on kiss nails and have been an avid user of them. I love the short ones because they look naturally and you can literally apply them in under ten minutes. I am going five days strong on the pair I currently am wearing and have had none pop off. I just got done texting my aunt and she ended up saying I love your nails are they acrylic I said nope! they're kiss! She couldn't believe it! :) I will always buy these over going to a salon they are more cost effective and they pop off easily IF you follow the instructions for removal of the nails (soak your fingers in nail polish remover and then they slide right off). Follow up with a bit of moisturizer). Simple and easy. Thanks Kiss!!", {'entities': [(716, 720, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Kiss everlasting French Manicure is a great product! The directions were so easy to follow and they took less than an hour to apply! I applied them for a wedding and they looked like I had them professionally done...the quality was really wonderful! I have to admit that I was surprised when none of the nails popped off during the wedding...no other product has stayed in place for so long. I really love them and I will definitely buy them again!!', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Gluing on my nails wasn't something I had done since the 80's. Then one day before I was heading out for a special night on the town I realized I had forgotten to do my nails. Not wanting to go out bare nailed I decided to give these a try. I was pleased with how easy they were to apply and with the proper amount of glue they stayed on through the whole evening and as I slept on them. And they took less than 5 minutes to apply and they looked gorgeous. I would recommend these for anyone who needs a fancy manicure in a pinch! I received my Kiss everlasting French Manicure nails for testing purposes from Influenster.", {'entities': [(545, 549, 'PRODUCT')]})
("If you are getting ready for a night out with the girls, going on a romantic date, concert..etc You got your hair done, found the perfect outfit and shoes to match, makeup is flawless but you forgot to do your nails!!! No worries Kiss has it covered. Kiss Everlasting French Nails are perfect for that emergency, you run into any local drugstore, head over to beauty and there they are. You have so many choices to chose from, but French is always the easiest and goes with any outfit. I for one don't do white french, I have a colorful personality, punk rock and edgy, I always do black french. My mother had the above emergency and had no time to get her nails professionally done. I remembered that Influenster Kiss sent the everlasting French set to me in my voxbox, sized her nails to a perfect fit, glue (which is provided) and applied. She was ready in just a few minutes. The great thing about the nails is that they have Flex-Fit Technology to ensure comfort and a perfect fit. These nails looked professionally done. My mom went out and had a great night, the next morning her nails were all still intact. They didn't move! Throughout the rest of the day, they glue started to wear thin and they popped off but that's okay get a better and stronger glue and reapply! I want to disclose that I received these products complimentary for testing purposes from Influenster", {'entities': [(230, 234, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've never tried press-on nails before, so when I received Kiss Everlasting French nails, I was excited to try them. They were surprisingly easy to use! One chooses from the 14 different sizes, adds glue to the inside of the nails and the outside of their natural nails, and presses them on for a few seconds. They hold up while typing (like this!), feel surprisingly natural, and can be shaped however you're most comfortable with the included nail file. My only disappointment is that some of the glue patterns can be seen up-close through the sheer piece of the nail. I may try painting them in the future!", {'entities': [(59, 63, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I dont usually wear artificial nails I prefer to paint my own nails, but I had to attend a friends wedding and didnt have time. I received Kiss Everlasting French Nails complimentary for testing purposes a couple of days ago and I decided to give them a try. I was really very impressed with the result. In the package, you will get 28 nails in different sizes to make it easier to find the correct nail your fingers. You also get a small emery board, a tube of nail glue, and a cuticle stick. One thing I loved about this set in comparison to other brands Ive tried in the past is the fact that the white tip is fused into the nail and not airbrushed on. This is perfect if you want to buff the shine off of the nails or you may want to experiment with color and remove it later with nail polish remover. The white tip will not fade or chip and I will recommend that you clean your nails with acetone or buff them before you apply the glue so it can stick better. Cover the nail entirely with a good amount of glue because if you don't air bubbles will be visible underneath the nail and it won't look natural. The box stated that the nails lasted for 7 days and mine last about that long. I would definitely recommend this nail kit to anyone looking to switch up their nail length or someone in a hurry and doesnt have time for a manicure. It did the job it was supposed to do and I was very satisfied with my nails.", {'entities': [(139, 143, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a sample of these nails free as a Influenster memeber. I do enjoy the Kiss product line and this item did not diappoint me. They were easy to apply and I enjoyed the shape. I have a cobination of flat and round nails and all of these fit nicely with no gaps between the nail plate and the Kiss nail. They stuck on pretty well, though I would clean your nail with rubbing alchol to be sure there is no oils to interfer with the glue. I did have to lightly file the tip where the tab was but it didn't not change the look. They lasted about a week and a hlaf for me and that was with daily hand washing dishes and playing with two babies under the age of 3. And, also a dip in the pool did not loosen the nails. I am over all pleased with this product and look forward to purchasing others like this.", {'entities': [(81, 85, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product for free through Influenester and Kiss for my honest opinion and review. It was very easy to use and looked very natural. My hands looks so gorgeous and so professional! People have even asked, Where do I get my nails done! I've never been more happier with my nails, thanks Kiss Nails!!!", {'entities': [(58, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received complimentary Kiss Everlasting French nails for Influenster for testing purposes. I love these nails because they are fairly easy to apply, it took me about 10 minutes. I have fat nails and they had a size that fits my nails. I was a little worried that they wouldn't so I was so happy to be able to use the nails. I wore for a week and although a couple did fall off ( I don't think that I glued them all the way on), I was able to reapply them with no problem. They are convenient if you are in a hurry and don't have time to go to the salon or do not like going to the salon. They look great, I even compared them with someone that went to the salon and they look exactly the same. I was very satisfied with the nails and I look forward to buying them in the near future.", {'entities': [(25, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received Kiss Everlasting French nails in my Spring Fling Voxbox complementary for testing purposes from Influenster. All opinions are my own. I was very skeptical about these nails! I have seen them in Walmart many times and never once considered buying them. When I seen them in my Voxbox, I though Oh wow, they must think I'm 12. I always just figured they would look cheap and stupid. I was wrong. I used them today and I am extremely happy with them. They were so easy and fast to put on. I have a two year old and 4 month old twins, I have almost 0 time to do my nails. Especially paint them, what busy mom has time for dry time. I was able to open the package and be completely done and taking pictures for Instagram in a matter of 10 minutes. They look super cute, like really cute. They are a short length like I like, can't have them getting in the way. I cannot believe I have wasted so much time not wearing these. And all the money it costs to get a french manicure at a salon....never again!", {'entities': [(11, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Despite only having these nails on for an hour due to my extreme sensitivity and OCD, I give this product a 5/5. The application process is extremely simple, making this product great for anything last minute or for those who just don't have time or the knowledge on complicated nail accessorizing. The price is very low, which is great because many products in this range do not work at all - that said, these definitely reach expectations, surpass them even. Next best thing to salon acrylics. Many nails on the market, and even past Kiss products, would come right off in hot water (at least in my experience) but with this set, I actually had to use scalding water, acetone, and nail clippers to remove them. Of course this probably had to do with the fact that they were applied just an hour prior, but there is no denying that that type of quality is often expected. These nails would be great for anyone at any experience level, since they come with loads of tips on how to complete the manicure.", {'entities': [(536, 540, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a package of Kiss Everlasting French Nails complimentary in my Spring Vox Box for testing purposes. My first thought when I saw them was I will never use these. I am not a fan of artificial nails because I have nice strong real nails. The most I do to my nails is polish them. I was invited to an all white party so I decided to try them. I am really glad I did. They were real easy and quick to apply. They are real nice length. The only thing I didn't like was because they are a short length I had to cut down my real nail in order to apply these. When I finished applying them, they looked as though I had went to a salon. Unlike salon visits, I didn't have to wait for my nail polish to dry. Once they were applied I was able to go. To ensure the durability of the nails, I performed a few everyday task such as applying my jewelry, doing my hair, etc. and they stood up to these task. So if you need a quick, easy, and neat salon style look, this would be the right product for you.", {'entities': [(24, 28, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received Kiss Nails Everlasting French nail kit at free from Influenster to try and review. As someone who used to have acrylic gel nails this is a great way to have the look without the expense and side effects (I developed a severe reaction to the chemicals from long term exposure). The kit has a wide variety of sizes, 14, that will accommodate all size fingernails. The process is easy, start with a clean nail, apply glue to artificial and natural nail, press on for 5 seconds and you're done! The package states to leave on for no more than a week and that's about how long the glue will last. I use my hands a lot so I expect one or two to pop off. There were enough nails in the kit to provide 2+ full sets so I had my French manicure for a good three weeks. If I were to pay the 5 retail, it would be well worth it. 1/week for a French manicure That's a fantastic deal and I got tons of compliments on the nails.", {'entities': [(20, 24, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I received the Kiss everlastingfrench nails in real short length complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. On Satrurday morning, I decided to give myself a manicure for my friends Engagement party that night and a manicure that would look great for the whole upcoming work week. The Kiss Everlasting French Nails in Real Short Length that I received from Influenster was the first product I thought of so I read the directions and in less then 10 minutes I had these BEAUTIFUL nails that looked like a Gel French Manicure you would pay upward of 45.00 for at a nail salon! They were quick and simple to apply and last for up to a week! There are 28 nail covers in 14 sizes! This was a perfect neutral manicure that Influenster provided me with because it would match whatever I would wear to work in the upcoming work week and I had BEAUTIFUL nails for the Engagement Party Saturday night. I am in LOVE with my everlasting french manicure. They DID NOT CHIP AT ALL I wore them all week to work, did dishes and other household chores with NO CHIPPING or LOSING A NAIL!', {'entities': [(15, 19, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received this product for free from Influenster for testing and review purposes only. I was very happy to try a product that was low cost and very simple to apply. The Kiss Nails came in an easy to open black and red box. Very glad it came with a full set of nails plus extras, that was a plus. Came with a gel glue which went on my nails and did't run. It was very easy to match my nails with the numbers to get a good fit. It also came with a small black/pink nail file and cuticle pusher. Overall the process took no more than 15 minutes. Noticed the glue dried quickly and was a super hold on the nails. Looked like I just got them done from the salon. The only thing is that my skin is dark so the nail color really didn't match. They did hold up for about two weeks, with the everyday use of mommy chores. I would recommend these if you need something quick for any event and want to save some money.", {'entities': [(170, 174, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Kiss Everlasting French Manicure glue on nails is the best thing since sliced bread! ) After skimming through the instructions I thought This is effortless! It was super easy, looked real and lasted two weeks (I took them off after two weeks because I wanted to paint my nails festively for the 4th of July holiday).', {'entities': [(0, 4, 'PRODUCT')]})
('So I say this about myself. I go to the nail salon every two weeks, rain or shine. Ilove to keep my nails looking great. So when I received the Kiss Everlasting french nails from Influenster to review I was very hesitant and skeptical, I just did not see myself as the press on nail girl lol. but these nails have surpassed what I thought they would be. They are so easy to put on, and once I did get them on they look absolutely fantastic. I ran to the convenience store earlier and the lady asked me which nail salon I use! They are that cute!!! I did receive this product for free, but I will be buying again!', {'entities': [(144, 148, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Each packet comes with 28 nails in 14 different sizes that lasts a recommended 7 days. You get Kisss no chip nail technology, which is easily applied in less than 10 minutes and this includes fitting to make sure you have the nail size that suits your finger nail best. No waiting to dry your nails, you literally glue and go! The glue is gentle to your natural nail bed but strong enough to hold the nail in place. No one wants a flying nail no matter how gorgeous they may look, but with Kiss Everlasting French, you are free of nail attacks. I love the peachy pink colored base that has a nice tone that matches any skin color beautifully. The white tip has a pleasant hue but not so white that it looks unpleasant or too intense. The box supplies you enough nails to get 2 applications and for the cost of under 6.50, you can get a salon look without the price tag. Any girls dream and you can find the Kiss Everlasting French nails in Flat or Regular nail arches, which come in a Medium length. Pick-up yours today to get a classic style that never fades and that includes the nail polish in this case too! I received the above product(s) free of charge from Influenster and Kiss. I am not obligated to provide a positive or favorable review, just my honest opinion. My review is based on my experience with the product and/or brand, which may differ from yours.', {'entities': [(95, 99, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Yesterday my pinky nail broke and I had a uneven nails. I remembered the Kiss Everlasting French nails I received from Influenster. I grabbed the nails and my nail clippers and in less than 10 minutes I had the perfect manicure. It was easy and fool proof. The nails are secure and are great quality. I forgot I still needed to scrub my shower and tub. I went ahead and did it anyway- I didn't lose a nail nor did they chip. They still look perfect. Give these nails a try if you haven't. I received these nails for free for review purposes but my review is my honest opinion.", {'entities': [(73, 77, 'PRODUCT')]})
("All the time I had these on, people complimented me on the manicure. I've had pink and whites not look as good as these! They're under 10 for a kit that comes with nails, orangewood stick, file and glue. They're ridiculously easy to put on and last a LONG time. They don't chip or peel and were just the right length. They really look professional. I can't wait to put them on again. This is definitely a product I will buy in the future. KissProducts everlastingfrench I received this product complimentary for testing purposes.", {'entities': [(439, 443, 'PRODUCT')]})
("These Nails were amazing. I received this product complimentary in my Spring VoxBox from Influenster and Kiss Products for testing purposes and boy did they pass! The nails look professional at a fraction of the cost and a fraction of the time. They are easy to apply and because they have so many different sizes I never had an issue with finding the perfect fit (This hasn't happened in the past). I recommend this product to anyone to try whether for weekly use or special occasions. The glue is strong and I didn't have any issues with bubbling. You need to apply the glue evenly on your nail AND the artificial nail. Again, I highly recommend this quality product.", {'entities': [(105, 109, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I recently received the Everlasting French manicure nails complimentary from Influenster for testing purposes. I really like the nails. The self tabs made them really easy to apply, and they didn't feel fake, heavy, or bulky on my hands. They felt really natural like my real nails, plus they look natural as well. They were a bit short for me because I like to keep my nails pretty long, but it was nice how they didn't snag on anything or look like claws. I was a little bit disappointed that three of them have already come off and I've only had them on two days, but I don't think it's the nails fault or the glue. I constantly have my hands in water doing dishes or laundry, so it's probably just me not being cautious enough. Overall, I do like the product. This is the first time I've ever used fake nails or had any type of manicure, so these made me feel very girly and feminine. (I'm pretty much a tomboy) I will definitely be looking into other varieties of nails from Kiss.", {'entities': [(980, 984, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I received a complimentary set of Kiss Everlasting French Nails in an Influenster Vox Box for testing purposes. I've never had a lot of luck keeping artificial nails on and they never look or feel nice. I love the look of a french manicure but can never get it just right or it chips off in a few hours. So I That is NOT the case with these Kiss Everlasting French nails. I was excited to try them and am so glad I did. They are very easy to apply. They stayed on my nails for 6 days before the first one came off. The others came off easily after that. The finish was nice and smooth and never chipped. Not even a little. I love the sporty length. They are the same length that I typically keep my natural nails. Out of all the nail products I've tried, I can honestly say that these nails are by far my absolute favorite. I would definitely recommend them and WILL be purchasing them again and again.", {'entities': [(34, 38, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I changed over from Re-Nu as my eyes were feeling a little drier. I saw the advertising for Opti-Free Replenish and thought as it was also a little more expensive, that it would be better. Sadly I was very mistaken. I tried it a few times but my eyes were extremely dry while using it. I have gone back to using Re-Nu.', {'entities': [(92, 101, 'PRODUCT')]})
("The first contact solution I tried was Opti-Free replenish, 8 years ago. Until recently, I had no problems. Two weeks ago I switched back to O-F Replenish after I finished a supply from another brand. Within hours, my eyes went bloodshot red and I was having trouble aligning my lenses properly. I thought it was allergies so I persisted for four days. I bought another solution from another brand, threw out my lenses, and two days later the redness was gone. To verify it was the O-F Replenish I switched back after a week with no problems. Again, within hours, a bloodshot red reaction with blurry vision. I'm done with this product for good, and it seems I'm not the only one who has this problem.", {'entities': [(39, 48, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Opti-Free PureMoist for a couple of years and was satisfied with it. But when I saw what I thought was a new - and presumably improved - product called Replenish I thought I would try it. What a mistake: within a day my eyes were dry and burning. I used it for a few more days to be sure it was not something else. I returned it for a refund from the store and gone back to PureMoist, but now my eyes are so sore I think I'll have to forgo wearing my lenses until they fhave recovered.", {'entities': [(18, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Opti-Free Puremoist for a couple of years now. Went to buy some and did not see it. Saw the Replenish and since the box said 'New' I thought it replaced the Puremoist. I've only used a third of the first bottle and my eyes burn every day - all day long. That's a lot of money to have to throw away. Have to use it until I can get back to the store to buy Puremoist again.", {'entities': [(18, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I used to use Complete but they don't sell it anymore in my area. I decided to try Opti-Free and have been very disappointed. I use monthly contacts and wear them for my 12 hr shifts, which has never been a problem before. But with Opti-Free, my eyes would start to get dry after only 4-5hrs. I bought re-wetting eye drops and would have use multiple times a day just to get through my shift, and then when I would get home I would occasionally have difficulty removing my contact as it would stick to my eye. I struggled through like this for 2 months (thinking it was just that particular contact at first and not wanting to waste the bottle) but I have finally had enough. I have bought ReNu instead and will throw out the 2nd bottle from the pack.", {'entities': [(83, 92, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I tried OF a few years ago and had an issue with it causing my eyes to be bloodshot. I never had this problem with ReNu. However, I needed solution and the only thing in the house was Opti-Free. I didn't notice any problems right away, after a few hours, my eyes starting to burn and are once again bloodshot. It's been about a day for them to feel normal. Terrible product.", {'entities': [(184, 193, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Frankly I'm shocked by all of the positive reviews here. Other retailers have this reviewed much more harshly, which fits with my experiences. My eye care professional gives out free samples of this stuff whenever I visit. I've tried it multiple times, and each time I get the same results. Red itchy eyes, hyper-sensitivity to my contacts, and blurred vision. I tried giving all of the samples and the large bottles that I'd purchased to friends and family, but they all said they couldn't use it either, so now the bottles end up in the trash. Opti-Free Express works much better, and the Equate Multi-Purpose (about 4 per bottle) works as well as that.", {'entities': [(546, 555, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I regularly use Opti-Free Refresh but bought the Opti-Free Puremoist because the store was out of my regular solution. This solution causes my contacts to gunk up really quickly! I was having to take them out several times a day to rub them clean and rinse them off. I thought it was my eyes for several days and just switched to glasses. Absolutely no problem with my glasses. Next I switched to a fresh pair of contacts. The same problem occurred within hours. It was bad enough that my vision seemed to have changed. As a last ditch effort, I went to the pharmacy bought a bottle of my regular Opti-Free Replenish. Cleaned my contacts, let them soak for a bit rinsed them off. It took a few cycles of rinsing, but after that there were no more problems. I will never use the Puremoist again. An expensive lesson because I cannot find the receipt. I trusted the brand and never thought there would be such a severe problem switching from one version to a supposedly better version. I'm very disappointed with the Puremoist. On the other hand, I'm very happy with the Replenish.", {'entities': [(16, 25, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Opti-Free Puremoist instead of my usual Opti-Free Replenish solution based on product description I read on the box. After three days of use my eyes started itching and burning. I thought it was my contact lens was culprit and replaced it with a new one. But burning and itching has continued. Finally I went back and purchased my faithful Opti-Free Replenish and after first use itching and burning disappeared immediately. Buyer beware Opti-Free Puremoist is not a replacement for Opti-Free Replenish!', {'entities': [(9, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I switched to this solution from Opti-Free Replenish and started having trouble with dry, burning eyes. Having had such good luck with Opti-Free contact solution in the past, I continued using it for several weeks as I tried different contact lenses, wondered if I had an eye infection, etc., but eventually the common denominator proved to be the solution. I switched back to Replenish and everything went back to normal in a couple of days.', {'entities': [(33, 42, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I bought Opti-Free PureMoist and my eyes became red and irritated. It took over a week and a visit to the eye doctors to realize why my eyes were bloodshot. When I stopped using this solution, my eyes finally went back to normal.', {'entities': [(9, 18, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've tired this and Opti-Free Pure Moist, and I'm allergic to both. Opti Free not only dries out my eyes, but makes the whites of them extremely red. I ended up at the doctors office thinking I had an infection, but it was due to this contact solution. It took 5 days using allergy eye drops before my eyes were clear enough to continue wearing contacts. I highly recommend using another brand of solution if you have sensitive eyes.", {'entities': [(20, 29, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I purchased this product at my local big box store because it no longer carries Opti-Free Express. I figured that this product would be comparable since it is from the same company. Not so! Replenish is missing something major that Express has in it which allows it to provide a comfort so great, it is like I'm not wearing any contacts at all. Replenish made my eyes dry and they were really uncomfortable by the end of the day. I also tried Pure Moist and I must say it is a substantially better alternative to Replenish. I will stick to Pure Moist for future purchases.", {'entities': [(80, 89, 'PRODUCT')]})
('May I know what is the different between Opti-Free Replenish and Express', {'entities': [(41, 50, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I wear Air Optix for astigmatism. I have used Opti-Free Replenish for years and always wondered if there was something better. In trying PureMoist, I did not find that. My day starts just before 8:00am I'm uncomfortable and blurry by 1:00 or 2:00pm almost everyday. I'll switch back to Replenish for now and ask my doctor if he recommends something different.", {'entities': [(46, 55, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I cannot use a store brand, my eyes are too sensitive. I use the Walmart brand or other store brand and even though I save a few bucks, my eyes burn for 5 to 10 minutes until my tears wash out the preservative from the lens the solution left. I prefer Opti-Free Express because it is easier on my sensitive eyes. I tried the Pure Moist and Replenish and they made my eyes feel sticky. No burn on insertion with Express either .', {'entities': [(252, 261, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I don't really see a big diference between this and the regular Opti-Free contact solution.", {'entities': [(64, 73, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been wearing contacts for the last 3 months. I've gone through the process or which brand of contacts work best for my eyes. I've also went through many different drops to use with my contacts. I've found the Opti-Free Pure Moist Rewetting to work the best with my eyes. I find this one works better for me than other Brands I've tried. Glad Target carries them. Wish it came in a slightly larger bottle.", {'entities': [(214, 223, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I searched for a long time to find the right contact lens solution. Either they were easy on my eyes but my eyes would get dry, or my eyes would stay moist but irritated and itching. Opti-Free Replenish solved both of these problems for me and I don't even realize I'm wearing contacts any more. Excellent product!", {'entities': [(183, 192, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have been using Opti-Free ReplenSH for about 6 months and find it works great. Gets my lenses very clean and they stay moist all day. I prefer the 2 pack that comes with new cases. I have been wearing contacts for many years and have found this to be the best product for me.', {'entities': [(18, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been wearing contact lenses for over 15 years and never had problems by taking Opti-Free Replenish and it is great!", {'entities': [(84, 93, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I buy Opti-Free Replenish every month for my contacts. I think this works the best for my husband and I. We love it.', {'entities': [(6, 15, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've been using this for years and it works great. No dry eye or other issues. My contacts always feel fresh with this solution. I used another version because this was out of stock - never again. Opti-Free Replenish is the best!", {'entities': [(197, 206, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I tried Opti-Free for the first time last month. I love everything about it, comfort, clarity, packaging, free lens case and the website.Kudos to you Opti-Free!', {'entities': [(8, 17, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I've used Alcon products for my contact lenses for about 26 years. Both Opti-Free Express and Opti-Free Replenish keep my eyes feeling great while wearing my contacts no matter how long I have them in. Thank you for great products.", {'entities': [(72, 81, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I have used Opti-Free Replenish for at least five years but my eyes would feel dry at the end of the day, recently i picked up Pure Moist by accident. That was the happiest accident ever! My eyes are never dry, and i can wear my contacts all day!', {'entities': [(12, 21, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been wearing Contact Lenses for many years now and my eyes have always been very dry. I work on a computer all day and by the end of the day, my vision would be blurry. I was getting ready to give up wearing contacts ever again and then my Eye Doctor recommended that I try Opti-Free and she gave me a sample. It has only been 6 days and I am amazed how comfortable my contacts are after wearing them for more than 8 hours. I don't have to rush home to take out my contacts. I will definitely be purchasing this product in the future!", {'entities': [(281, 290, 'PRODUCT')]})
("I have been using Opti-Free Express for over 10 years and have been waiting for something much better to come along. PureMoist is the product that I've been longing for all this time. My contact lenses no longer get stuck on my eyeballs at the end of the day and my contacts still feel very comfortable even after I have been wearing them for over 12 hours. The difference is night and day between Express and PureMoist.", {'entities': [(18, 27, 'PRODUCT')]})
("Upon my eye Doctor's recommendation, I started using Opti-Free and I am very pleased with the change. It does make my contacts feel better after an over night soaking.", {'entities': [(53, 62, 'PRODUCT')]})
('Years ago I used to wear soft contact and have recently returned to wearing them. My Eye Doctor gave me a sample of Alcon Opti-Free Moist Multi-Purpose Disinfecting Solution and have used it ever since with outstanding comfort.', {'entities': [(122, 131, 'PRODUCT')]})
("My brother ALWAYS buys the walmart brand. I don't know if his eyes/fingers have different sensitivity than mine, but I notice a clear difference between an overnight in walmart brand and an overnight in Opti-Free brands. It's literally like the difference between asking your eight year old to wash the car, vs. getting it detailed at a shop. This is the BEST solution I have ever tried (of about 7 varieties) at this point, and I will ONLY recommend Opti-Free to anyone who wears contacts. Whenever I have a friend who is having trouble with dry contacts the first question I always ask is, What brand of contact solution are you using", {'entities': [(203, 212, 'PRODUCT')]})
('I was a long time user Opti-Free until about 4 years ago when my Dr. told me I had allergies and prescribed drops. I decided to try Opti-Free again, great feeling, no grit, no torn lenses daily and it must be doing something else right, because no more prescription needed. I started using Daily Comfort approximately 4 months prior to my annual visit.', {'entities': [(23, 32, 'PRODUCT')]})